"I love bringing folks from out of town to Pike Place market. The sights, the smells, the hustle and bustle... I just enjoy wandering, people watching, and of course, eating some yummy food.\n\nThere's so much to see, so just make sure you explore all the random pathways. Definitely stop by the Crumpet Shop at some point. No trip to the market is complete without a crumpet."
"It's one of those places I think about, not for the market and the fresh foods, or the fan-fare of all the people, including all the tourists you are about to bump into, but the food options here are just great. I think Anthony Bourdain said it in his most recent episode of the Layover, you could probably serve up some mediocre crap here, and get away with it, and still be fine, but from pastries to soups, to coffee joints and other things to eat, it's not crap, and there is a reason to come down here.\n\nSome favorites of mine, Le Panier, there is as much a line-up here for their steller goods compared to that of the first Starbucks next door. Piroshky Piroshky, this russian bakery has a good mix of savoury and sweets. Pike Place Chowder, for some of the best chowder your ever going to get. La Buona Tavola Truffle Cafe, for some good infused truffle goodness, or a good early taste of wine. Those are just to name a few on why I am here. Occasionally we may go to Sur La Table to look at some cookware, or just strole in the market to look at the flowers or fish being tossed in the market.\n\nIf you have never been to Seattle, come down here, usually crowded, full of life, depending on when you come there maybe events going on. You may see the weird, magicians, musicians, performers, but you also see the wonderful in terms of the freshness you get out of the foods here, whether cooked, or not. Everytime I come to Seattle, it seems I'll always make a small stop to this place."
"This is one of my all time favorite tourist traps! I have been to Seattle several times and Pike's place never gets old. \n\nI feel like shops come and go here and there always seems to be something new or something I haven't seen at every corner.  Whatever it is you are looking for they probably have it.  I was looking for one of those belly dancing wraps with the jingling things on it and there was a shop that had an orange one with gold dangling things.  It was exactly what I was looking for. \n\nThe amount of fruit, veggies and fish is ridiculous.  However, local intel tell me it is over priced.  But if you were in the market for different and weird veggies, you might find them here. \n\nScattered amongst the little shops there are a few hole in the wall restaurants in there.  If I had more time here in Seattle, I might actually have to start a Pike's Place list to call out all of these markets and places. \n\nDid I also mention that while you are here you should stop by the Original Starbucks? The trendy Star Bucks that you see on every street corner is a far cry from the original shop at Pike's Place."
"I love Pike Place Market.  I wish we had a market in Portland just like it.  I usually pick up some fresh flowers for super cheap and head to Lowells for lunch.\n\nI love the people watching.  There are some colorful people.\n\nI always have to hit the original Starbucks even though you usually have to wait in line for a while, it is fun.  You can always talk to the people next to you.\n\nIf you go there on one of the few sunny days it is absolutely amazing!  It is a Seattle spot you need to go to."
"i am a weekday fan of this place, before a show get a drink and wander the market.\n\nstay away on super nice weekends and if you see a cruise ship down at the water you might as well leave. The place turns to a complete madhouse"
"Gum wall, cool setting and is considered to be one of the greatest spots in Seattle. Being from SF and currently living in SF, I still enjoyed my trip to Seattle and had a great time at Pikes Place. Many people compare it to places such as Pier 39, but they are two different places and I feel that Pikes Place can stand on its own and is a way cool place to be."
"This is what a \"Market\" is all about.  You'll find everything from flowers to food to crafts\n\nWe had a local buddy guide us through the place & luckily he knew to avoid the fish-tossing parts of the place since that held zero interest for us (being veggie & all)\n\nSo we entered the market on the original Starbucks side & barely made it 1/4 way through.  There was SO MUCH to see!\n\nAll kinds of soaps, lotions, knitted things, fun felty-hats, jewelry....we were doomed for anything else!\n\nScored some hysterically adorable hats - 1 of a penguin & 1 even funnier of a bat\n\nAlso found an adorable sterling silver bunny pen\n\n....and to keep our necks warm, scored a homemade knitted scarf or 2\n\nBuddy #1 got some cool glass bead rings & a silk scarf plus some super-yummy honey\n\nWorth a repeat visit for sure.....if nothing else but to try to make it farther into the actual market"
"What can I say? I am smitten with Pike Place Market!!!"
"How can you NOT love Pike Place?!? Such an iconic and beautiful market... there's not much to say that other reviewers haven't said, but if it's your first visit, be sure to check out these things:\n\n1. Chukar Cherries. Soooo delicious, just buy them. \n2. The fish throw at the base of the market. I'm sure it has a more official name, but regardless it's really amusing and the best tourist attraction Seattle has to offer.\n3. The first Starbucks, across the street from the actual market. Worth the short walk and the relatively short wait in line to see where it all started!"
"Pike Place Market is both a fun place to take out of town'ers, but also just to spend the day and wander both the shops here and across the street.\n\nYes, this and maybe the Space Needle, are the two tourist places where most people come.  And, don't get me started on the Lenin statue or the Fremont Troll, they're cool too.  But I enjoy coming here just to walk around the place. See flying fish and maybe get a strong cup of coffee from someone other than a green mermaid.  \n\nI remember, when we were first looking into move to Seattle, Pike Place and the Ferry were the two things I did to get a feel for the city.  If you are new, I would also recommend taking one of the Ferries for a round trip ride. It's a short walk.  My favorite is the one to Bremerton.\n\nThere are so many shops and stalls to roam.  There are plenty of food options for all price points.  So come, spend the day, buy a book and maybe enjoy a cup of coffee.  Hmm, coffee?  Yes, they do make a good cup here.\n\nEnjoy!"
"Flowers, Fish and Fresh Market fun!\nSight seeing a must!"
"Lots of fantastic businesses here and a great variety of stores littered around the market as well. I don't live close enough to Pikes to make it a regular trip but even if I could I don't think I would. Pikes is one of those places that you visit to get away from your everyday doldrums, in my opinion. \n\nThere are so many alleys and crevasses to explore it really becomes an adventure."
"If I lived in Seattle, I would visit a couple times a week...fresh foods. It's like the Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia; bunch of different vendors selling all kinds of cool stuff. Although the one in Philadelphia caters mostly to food. \n\nSomeone's review used the word \"endless\" to describe this place and that's a great word. When you think you are at the end of it, look, there are some stairs that go down into a whole other area, then pops up into another area then you walk and walk, then it goes outside, it's great. I had the yummiest apple fitter from a vendor there. So good. Plus all the people are nice. I think it's just a west coast thing, because pretty much anyone I came across while in Seattle was super nice.\n\nI went in February and it was busy so I can only imagine how it is in the summer.\n\nAnd across there street there are a lot of other shops and food places. It's a great little area. Until you walk outside and down to the park where, I assume homeless, people hang out. They looked a little rough but they were having a good time in the park. \n\nOh the smell of food around Pike Street is great."
"For anyone who has never been to Pike Place Market, put it on your bucket list. It is a completely unique and endless place. \n\nTourists and locals alike frequent this market to for specific needs or simply to meander. \n\nThere is no where in particular I recommend going, because enjoying PPM is a personal adventure. Some things your can expect to find: numerous seafood, produce, and flower vendors. Arts, leather, and wool vendors (These will be quite pricey). There will be oil, pasta, and spice shops. \n\nMy one piece of advice is to not limit yourself to the indoor market. The market truly extends to the streets beyond, and it's hard to say where it actually ends and the rest of seattle beings. Just enjoy your time there."
"I think this place is awesome. One of the spots you have to go to when you're in Seattle. I was excited to be here because I love me some fresh organic produce.. oh yahhhhhhh. The vendors are very friendly and some give samples! Fresh organic apple? Don't mind if I do! Yuuumm... that apple was delicious. Anywhoooooo... My brother and I went to some random restaurant inside Pike's place (I forgot the name) and it was the best clam chowder I've ever had! Better than the SF! It was so fresh and it was perfect for a chilly morning. \n\nFlowers are cheap here! And there are so many places that has pastries! Yum! If I lived in Dtown Seattle.. I'd probably end up here every  morning getting my fat on. Yummm.."
"LOVE this place! GREAT staff - knowledgeable and friendly. GREAT - FRESH food. I had the fresh squid (for $4) and it was DELISH!"
"Oh Pike Place.... next to the Space Needle & the \"rain\" this is what Seattle is known for.  With that being said expect tourists.  LOTS of tourists.  But you know what, that's A-Ok.  Sometime doing tourists things are the best part of a city.  Living about 12 blocks away, this is a common place for me to shop.   You can get your produce, meats, seafood, cheese, bread, oils, and almost anything else you need here.  Plus if you need a bite to eat or a drink, it has you covered.  Pike Place also makes it easy to shop local! \n\nAlso, coming here as a local makes you a better host for out of town guests!  You can show them more exciting things!"
"Look, there are almost 2,000 reviews on here - so I am not going to say anything that hasn't been said already.\n\nYes, it's crowded & it's touristy but it's also a must-see when visiting Seattle for the first (or 30th) time. See the flying fish, taste some samples (OMG - best.apples.ever. And I live in New England - we know our apples. And the olive oil & balsamic? YUM).\n\nGet a photo on the little \"balcony\" out back behind the flying fish - it's a nice, scenic view.\n\nDo a little - or a lot - of shopping. There is a ton of cool, local, artsy stuff - I want it all!\n\nCheck out the Gum Wall (we actually missed it - oops!) and the very first Starbucks.\n\nAlso, the photographer at the entrance is FANTASTIC. He's been there for almost 25 years (I think that's what he said) and I was SO tempted to buy some of his work. I really should have.\n\nIt's free (if you don't shop) and yes, it's like a lot of other open-air markets, but it's Pike Place so it's unique.\n\nI just wish I could have bought some of that fresh, local produce. But alas, I was flying home 2 days later. :("
"I am a Seattle native so I appreciate all of the fruits and benifits of having a market of this magnitude."
"I don't think i have a single negative thing to say about pike place.  The sights and sounds and smells..it's always new and always great.  my personal favorites: a burrito from the mexican grocery next to the first starbucks, honey sticks, and fresh mini donuts."
"Oh course you need to go here when you visit Seattle.  It is the thing to do.  I will warn that it is a typical farmers market on a larger scale.  Don't think you will find anything new and inventive.  I will say that the atmosphere is great, it is fun visiting all the little vendors.  If I return to Seattle, I will definitely stop in again. \n\nI wish we had some place like this where I live."
"I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place before. Though it's full of tourists and always on TV when they do air any Seattle sporting event, I love this place. They have such amazing food here. From amazingly fresh fruit to seafood to amazing restaurant. This is a must visit spot whether you're a visitor or tourist."
"If I lived in Seattle, you could find me at Pike's Market on an Saturday afternoon. I love to cook and love local foods, so the whole experience was great. I made a list of things I wanted to see and do while in the area and we did.\n\nIt was a rainy day, so it's perfect that the indoor market connects through different levels of shopping and from street to street through the market buildings. It's so busy, so much action and great things to try.\n\nWe had amazing Chowder at Pike's Place Chowder and bought the \"House\" Spice and Oyster Shooters from Pike's Fish Market. We had oysters, went beer sampling and bought cheese. I stocked up on herbs, spices, teas and coffee. It was an amazingly fun shopping and food day. \n\nI took home my prizes and will always remember the whole day we spent roaming around Pike's Market and all the wonderful dishes that will come of it. :)"
"A great place to spend a weekend or two... or three. This place is a sea food lover's wet dream, but also has plenty of other food options and things to do within earshot. I love this place. You Seattleites are really lucky."
"This place is a must to visit when you're in Seattle. Various vendors are here...from fresh produce to homemade jewelry. GO HERE!"
"Classic Seattle!"
"Awesome market. Has everything you need, but if you're visiting, here are the musts:\n\nThe crumpet shop\nCaffe de art (lattes)\nPike's Place Chowder (seafood chowders to die for)\nElliot's Oyster House\nshopping\ntip the fish throwing guys\nget art \nsmoked stockeye salmon is the freshest and best salmon you'll ever taste.\n\nI'll be back one day just to eat a bucket full of stockeye salmon!"
"No matter where you go in Seattle, you always end up at Pike Place Market.\n\nI've always made a trip here when I'm in town.  The last trip, I ended up at Pike Place three times.  There is everything you could find here, from fresh fish and fruits to little yummy Seattle's Best Coffee.  There's ton of ready to eat food sold here, and there is also the famous pig Rachel and the Gum Wall.\n\nOne of my favorite places in Seattle."
"This is one of my FAVORITE places in Seattle as a local and to take guests when they are in town. It's centrally located to some of the greatest parts of the city. The Sound on the horizon, overlooking Alaskan Way and the new ferris wheel, steps from really great corporate shopping, and Seattle at its most authentic. \n\nOf course, you've got to stop by the famous fish market, check out the hot fishmongers throwing fish, entertaining, and most importantly selling some of the freshest seafood in America. My favorite places to drop by are Beecher's Cheese for mac and cheese, pick a block of one of their signature cheese, see cheese-makers do their thing, and grab a breadtzel. Next, you've got to pick up some Chukar cherries any time of year or Rainier cherries in the summer. I love going down to pick up unique spices and flowers that are soooooo gorgeous, and are so reasonable in price it's insane. Whatever the time of year, the PIke Place Market comes alive. I have to agree with Mairead R. that watching the Market come alive in the morning is so unique. There is something for everyone here and you'll always have a great time. \n\nDon't forget about all the great restaurants dotting the lane and special events that occur all year long! Be prepared and have some cash on hand."
"This place is magical. \n\nIt makes you want to live again.\n\nIf I lived here, I would come here every Saturday and buy flowers for the ones I love."
"When someone is planning a visit to Seattle and asks what they must see on their visit, the first answer is invariably Pike Place Market (or the Space Needle, but I'd be willing to bet the Market comes up first over 90% of the time).  And why not?  It's huge, so much that I have never been through the whole place and I've lived within an hour's drive of Seattle for all my life.  There's something for everyone.  Feeling French? Check out the bakery or one of the multitude of French restaurants and cafes nearby.  Russian dumplings? Got those too, but get there early as the line was crazy long when I went, so no dumplings for me!  Fresh flowers, fresh bread, jars of honey, corny t-shirts and handcrafted jewelry - whatever you're after, you can find it here.  Just be prepared for the crowds and for the maze-like warrens that make up the interior reaches of the market.  I also wish they'd cut off car access and make the entire thing pedestrian-only."
"It's cold, dirty, and full of people who are more than willing to put an elbow in your ribs to get to the front of the line. So, it's pretty awesome. \n\nPike Place is an outdoor covered market on the waterfront. It has a very authentic and wholesome feel to it. There's tons of booths full of gruff bearded fisherman trying to sell their catch. Plenty of farmers with their home grown vegetables and fruits. And plenty of crafts people with their trinkety crap. I love Pikes Place, it had an absolutely amazing vibe. If I lived in Seattle, I'd come here everyday."
"maybe if you're a tourist this place is worth 5 stars, but the crowds are ridiculous. I mean seriously.. my husband and I had to keep our elbows pointed out just so we could breathe, everything here is a tourist trap other than the fresh fish and flowers.. \n\nincredible views but also really cold."
"This is the coolest market I have ever been to.  The feel and layout is like none other.  It is a great place to go and just explore the music, cuisine and goods.  You will find the very first Starbucks and lots of other great stores and vendors.  The street musicians and performers are phenominal and so unique.  You feel as if you have been transported to a different time and place.  Also you MUST take a visit to the fish market and watch the age old tradition of the guys throwing the fish and putting on a show."
"Can you really beat this place? Awesome little shops selling great food and cool trinkets. Get your sample on. Remember when people used to go to Costco for dates because they wanted to get a free lunch? Yea do that here instead."
"Fun place to check out if your visiting Seattle. There are lots of shops and local merchandise. \n\nSome of the merchandise can be pricy but it's still fun to walk around and explore all the shops.\n\nSince it's very touristy if you drive through, you'd be lucky to get a parking spot. I'd recommend park in a nearby lot and walk over."
"I love this market. \n\nI love Beecher's cheese, I love the fishmongers, I love the wall of gum, I love the comic book store...I even love the Starbucks and I'm not a fan usually. \n\nThe only thing I don't love is the parking.\n\nIf I get my brother to drive, though, he has to do the parking.\n\nI'm a smart cookie like that. \n\nGo, there is a lot to see and buy and it's a great slice of Seattle."
"Pike Place Market is awesome!  There's so much going on here-- I just hate that I can't do it all in one visit!  There's the original Starbucks, Piroshky Piroshky, Pike Place Chowder, Pike Place Fish Market-- and that's just the beginning!\n\nMake it a scavenger hunt and try to find the \"Gum Wall\"!!"
"Old school foodie mecca, that's for sure.\n\nNo brainer?  Sure!    Gotta see that fish get thrown and visit Rachel the pig, but here are a few of my all-time favorites:\n\n-Franks or Sosio's for fruit and veg\n-Don and Joe's for meat and great butchery (or Bavarian Meats or Uli's for sausage)\n-Beecher's for cheese, melted cheese sandwiches (nom!)\n-Matt's in the Market\n-Uli's for beer and brats\n-Lecosho for nice sit-down lunch \n-Michou for great take away lunch\n-Three Girls for bread\n-Seatown or Cafe Compagne for market brunch\n-Starbucks (the original) for nostalgia and a photo\n-DeLaurenti for wine, chocolate, and everything else\n-fresh flowers (best prices for a bouquet this pretty in the country!) \n-Daily Dozen or Crumpet Shop for yummy, oozy snacks\n-Gum Wall to leave your mark on Seattle\n\nBring lots of reusable bags if shopping here, or face the wrath of the Seattlite crowd!"
"This place would be great if it wasn't for all the tourists.  J/K!!!  EL-OH-EL!!  We love your money."
"LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!  A great place to walk to, try new food, meet new people, hang out, relax, shop....it just offers so many awesome things for tourists and home towners alike. \n\nThey have miles of mazes downstairs for you to explore.  A must see if you're visiting.\n\nHome to some of the best places to visit in Seattle:\n-Pike Place Chowder\n-Daily Dozen Doughnuts\n-Beecher's Cheese\n-Lion Heart Bookstore\n\nThe list goes on. \n\nI thought we would just spend one day here but there is so much to do that we went all three days we were there.  It's just so accessible and a fun place to hang out."
"I don't really understand the hype of Pike Place Market as the main tourist destination of Seattle. When I was amazed by the majestic view of the mountain range, Pike Place Market is pale in comparison. The view of the Puget Sound from the Pike Place is nothing aside from Port of Seattle and industrialized area. It doesn't compare to that of Pier 39 or Ferry Building in San Francisco. Don't  take me wrong it is still great place for foods and crafts."
"Gosh, I love this place.  I'm a huge fan, in general, of open air and public markets, but Pike Place is of course one of the best in the country and not to be missed when you're in Seattle.  And what I love best about Pike Place is the diversity of vendors within its walls: think of it, and you can find it here.  From vintage clothes to artisan pasta to fresh local fruits and vegetables... seriously, this place is a bounty.\n\nThe Market stretches down several city blocks along the waterfront, and the main market building is four floors of shops.  When we went, early on a Tuesday, many of the stores were closed, but we still spent hours there exploring the booths that were open.  I loved pawing through the records and comic books in some of the lower level stores, and we took home an awful lot of spices, pasta, and dried fruit from some of the other vendors on the street level.  I really can't say enough about the variety -- and the prices aren't terrible, either.  And don't miss Left Bank Books!\n\nPike Place is also home to two of the city's hidden gems: the Giant Shoe Museum and the Gum Wall.  On the lower floor of the market building, a wall is dedicated to four old-timey coin-operated viewers, and if you deposit a quarter, you can view the exhibits of the Giant Shoe Museum.  It's ridiculously charming.  And further down on Post Alley you'll find a huge expanse of wall that is, disgustingly, covered in used chewing gum.  I don't know how or why it came to be -- or why people flock to it -- but there it is.\n\nThis place is clearly a tourist trap -- and if you go on the weekend, expect it to be packed to the gills -- but it's just charming enough that I'm willing to fight the crowds.  It's also a unique tourist trap in that locals also come here for great deals and good eats, so it's definitely multifaceted.  There's really something for just about everyone here, so brace yourself for everyone else in the city to have had the same idea, and go check it out."
"So many memories!  So many things to do and see!"
"For a fun, relaxing and yes, romantic date on a rainy Seattle day, nothing beats a stroll through Pike Place Market.  For tourists and locals alike, it's just a great day out and about.  With such a selection of places to pop into for a drink, wine, meal....and the original Starbucks serving up the java, I just enjoy it so much.  So alone or with a friend, give it a go.....the people are friendly and the street musicians are lively.\nGo for it!"
"As a Seattlelite, I go to Pike Place Market for a number of different reasons: \n\n1. I need to run errands and get in and out quickly. \n2. I am bringing friends and family from out of town to see the sites. \n3. I am spending the day with my family and we all thought it was a cool idea to hang out. \n\nWith my errands, I am typically picking up things like produce, flowers, lunch or a quick gift to send in the mail. I am within (long) walking distance of the Market but really enjoy the trek during the dry summer months. I try to get my business taken care of during off peak times, as tourists can clog the walkways with their leisurely strolls and I am trying to get my speed walking on so I can get back to the office in a timely manner. I try to avoid knocking tourists over but it has been known to happen. \n\nI love the produce at the Market and feel I can get more for $10 there than $20 in a grocery store and the quality is often better, with tons of organic options. For flowers...hey, everybody knows the flowers are cheap, but no one has ever been irritated with me for getting them cheap, beautiful, fantastic smelling flowers from the Market. \n\nVendors have always held a special place in my heart. If you like something, you should buy it then or at least find out when the vendor will be there again since this is typically not a five day a week gig for them. From hand crafted purses, to smoked jerky, to funny printed t-shirts, I'm always amused by what I see and often identify the perfect gift for someone I love. \n\nIf you are into crowds, you will likely love the Market in the summer. I'm not into crowds so I tend to visit early in the morning during the summer. If going during lunch, I tend to pick less touristy food options and take my lunch over to the park that overlooks the Sound. The one thing I do like about summer at the Market are the buskers. Whether it's new faces or familiar ones, something about singing a tune, busting a move, or telling a few jokes puts a smile on my face as I keep walking to my destination. \n\nDon't use the bathroom at the Market unless you have to. By 'have to' I mean a legitimate toilet emergency, life and death situation, or that you have zero other options. I also recommend that you pack anti-bacterial wipes and toilet seat covers just in case. Just being real with y'all."
"Easily my favorite spot in Seattle. I've been coming to this city for years and years and I can't complete my trip without a visit to this magical place.\nSo much to do and see. People watching is especially fun and most are friendly. \nMy favorite spots in the market is Market Spice, located next to the infamous fish tossers. Also, try the doughnuts just left down the hallway to Market Spice.. absolutely delicious. \nOverall, you haven't fully experienced Seattle without a visit to Pike."
"Coming from Arizona, I've never seen anything like this. It was nice to see the fish being thrown around, something Pike Place is well known for. If ever in Seattle, this is a must see!!"
"Yes, I live in Seattle.  Yes, I love to go to the Market.  \n\nIt's just fun.  There's stuff to see and taste and people to watch.  I'm not so interested in the fish-slingers (not fishmongers, fish-slingers, e.g. people who sling fish) or the Starbucks but I love the handcrafty things for sale.  No, I didn't need a melted-Bombay-Sapphire-bottle cheese plate, but I got one anyway because it was THERE and it was AWESOME and I just NEEDED to own it.  Don't judge me.\n\nSo go.  Watch the tourists (because they'll make you fall over with laughter when they ask, \"Where's Starbucks?\"), and have a few samples at the Chukar Cherries booth.  They're tasty."
"I loved this place. Very touristy but so much fun. Be prepared for rude people though. My husband and I got there about 11am yesterday (they opened at 10am). Not too crowded and we stayed for about an hour. We left then came back around 1pm. YICKS. I know Saturday afternoon at one of Seattle 's major tourist attractions of course it was going to be super busy. I would suggest pack your patience but save your appetite.  So many different foods you'll want a little of everything."
"Amazing flowers and great local vendors! I just love coming down once a month and seeing all the new art and tourist shopping. It's a fun place to people watch while I'm drinking my coffee. (The original starbucks is here too!)"
"Who doesn't like a nice walk about around Pike's Place.  I always find something new here that I didn't expect.  I always end up buying something I had not planned on.  It is FUN.... It is SEATTLE....  It is PERFECT...\n\nWhether you have tourists you are sharing Seattle with or you are just looking to get to town to find something rare and truly Seattle.  Head down to Pike's Place.\n\nMy favorite spot is the magic shop down below.  I am a closet magician and like to pick out a little present for myself each time I am playing tour guide for friends.....  Maybe I should sign up and be a street performer along the roadside of the market.  Maybe that will support my magic trick habit....\n\nOn that note..... I am a HUGE fan of street performers.... whether it is the guys with the piano on wheels or the kilted guitar player strummin your favorite Dylan tune... you are sure to find something good to listen to."
"One of the coolest tourist traps out there!!!\n\nWe visited Pike's when it was raining, but that didn't dampen our moods with all the fresh produce, unique gift items, delicious snacks, and the variety of food places in and around the market! \n\nVendors will lure you in with samples of their specialties, that you just want to try and even buy everything they give you!\n\nSome things you can't miss:\n- Salmon jerkies (There are several vendors in Pike's, but I recommend the one near the First Starbucks)\n- Pike's Chowder (perfect meal to start your day!)\n- \"Simply the Best\" vendor where they sell one of a kind snacks like dried papayas, okras, and green beans!\n- The endless assortments of flowers ($5/bouquet, you can't go wrong with that...)\n- Asian delicacies (chicken gizzards, livers, and hearts... if you're feeling adventurous)\n- Wide selection of pastries.\n... and the list goes on!\n\nThis is a must when visiting Seattle, there's so much to see and EAT!"
"I felt like I was walking through an art district and totally forgot that I was, in reality, a glorified swap meet. My soul was pleased. There is plenty of artisan and unique items. I ended up purchasing a beautiful magnet, smoked Cajun salmon, and a Native-American inspired Pisces shirt. \n\nI was also surprised that it was not crowded when I went. Everyone was dreading taking me but they also remarked on how easy and breezy everything was (I went on \"black Friday\"). Next time I am in Seattle I am coming back."
"A long standing farmers market, the Pike Place Market is an iconic Seattle tourist spot. I don't know how many tourists I have brought here who were visiting my family and I. I love how everything is local, fresh and delicious. Beechers flagship store is here, churning out their fresh (and oh-so-delicious) cheeses, famous mac and cheese and some really good sandwiches, to Le Panier and their melt in your mouth macaroons. I love the fresh produce and can't complete your trip without visiting the fish markets, where you can catch a fish.... which I did for my birthday this year and I've lived here for 27 years until I caught that fish this year. \n\nDon't forget to pick up a piroshky from Piroshky Piroshky and stop by the \"first Starbucks store\" right near there (the original store was two blocks north of this so call first store)  \n\nIf you're looking for some unique gifts, fresh produce, delicious and renowned gourmet items you've come to the right place, just up the hill from the waterfront and not too far from the downtown shopping districts... you can't resist coming down here..."
"I don't feel like I really need to review the market... you know... since it's just one of those places that EVERYONE visits. \n\nFlowers? Cheap. Souvenirs? Yup. Starbucks. Down over there. Fish? They ship. Dining? Donuts to steak. News? You want foreign or local? Ghosts? Don't make eye contact. Cheese? Uh huh. Pictures? Take it of the pig, people, or Puget Sound. \n\nI don't know anyone who hates the market. \n\nWell... maybe my dad. But then again he hates Disneyland because of the crowds. So... I can't really factor in his opinion.\n\nBring cash because there may be some vendors that don't accept cards."
"It's an adventure every time I come here. The energy is lively and magnetic. I love all the fresh produce and seafood here, and I agree that organic food should be marked at a higher price, but it would be nice to see sales or deals on the seafood sometimes so that locals can enjoy them more often."
"Really fun place to go to, especially in the summer.  Amazing fruit and pastries.  It might be best to take the bus through.  Parking is sometimes pretty impossible."
"Classic Seattle market. If you haven't been here - you gotta go!"
"Something I've only seen on TV. Everyone must experience it when in Seattle."
"I love the Pike Place Market. It's a dingy but beautiful space with a lot of history and the array of colors, smells, and cultures make this hodgepodge a great representation of Seattle.\n\nAlways, ALWAYS buy flowers here. Then, I get myself some donuts. Then, a salmon sandwich in the middle of the market. Then, get some fresh produce (especially Rainier cherries when in season). Then, watch people throw fish. \n\nI love Pike Place Market."
"A must do in seattle.  A little fishy \"ha\"  but worth it.  You can \"waist\" a whole day here."
"A must see experience when visiting Seattle. Prepare for the crowds and bring some extra bags to carry the amazing fruit. \n\nThe flower stands have the most colorful $5 bunches in the world. Talk about a great idea to bring some $5 flowers home. \n\nThe fish throwing is a great show. \n\nCheck out the tea shop for some loose tea leaves with a twist."
"Could spend hours and hours here, shopping and EATING!  We grazed through here, and didn't eat anything bad.  I wish this place was located near me, as I would eat something different every single day!  Clam chowder, coffee, mini donuts, samosas (best ever!), crepes, on and on.  Everything was super-duper!  Loved the fun stuff like the fish tossing and the gum wall too!  Go here, but allow a lot of time."
"After watching a lot of travel shows and reading about this place in travel guides, I was excited to finally visit  Pike Place Market. It was just what I imagine and more. Amazing! Nothing like this in LA.\n\nIt was great walking through the market and exploring all the cool shops and food vendors. I love the cobblestone streets, great selection produce, fresh seafood and large variety meats, crafts and other goods. Some of my favorite places that I've visited in Pike Place Market and highly recommend to anyone. \n\n1. First Starbucks Coffee - The original Starbucks, 1st one\n2. Pike's Seafood Market - get camera ready, famous for throwing the fish. \n3. Spice Shop - Huge selection of spices from around the world, smells wonderful\n4. Piroshky - Russian bakery serving great Piroshky, must try says Anthony Bourdaine\n5. Beecher's Handmade Cheese - try macaroni cheese so delicious\n6. Flower shops - great selection flower at cheap prices\n7. Rachel Pig - famous Pike Place pig next to Seafood market.\n\nParking - very challenging and expensive\n\nSeattle Pike Market - definite must and I will definitely be back. Come here early morning around 8am, less people and crowd.\n\nOverall - 5 Stars (so amazing, nothing like this anywhere)."
"Yes, I am 'one of those' tourists in Pike Place. But I promise you, I walk fast and don't stop in the middle of walkway!\n\nEvery time I've gone to Seattle this is just one of those places I have to go. Fish and cheap (but gorgeous) flowers aside, there's so many things to see here and it's such a joy to walk around the old cobblestone and looking at all the small shops. The food here are all good too!"
"Well you can't come to Seattle and not visit Pike's Place Market .  They had a great selection of little stores.  They had the most beautiful flowers and they were so cheap.  You could nice flower bundles for $5.00.  They had a nice selection of fruits, nuts, chocolates and grains.  And of course there is the famous \"fish toss\".  It's a great way to kill a couple of hours and pick up some goodies to take back with you.  A must see if you're in the area!"
"Pike Place Market is a must visit if you are in Seattle. It is iconic and a great deal of fun. They have a variety of items from numerous vendors including local food, seafood, clothes, and vintage shops. Make sure to stop by the Gum wall, the first starbucks, and the waterfront afterwards!"
"If you're coming to Seattle, you must experience the Market. My favorite time is early Saturday morning while the vendors set up. The Market comes alive before your eyes, with flower sellers setting up bright blooms, fruit stands popping up on the cobblestone streets, and employees buzzing about before the first wave of customers hits the Market. \n\nThe Market is all about people who make and manufacture and produce food, crafts, and other goods. This is the time to see those individuals behind-the-scenes, if you will. \n\nPlus, if you want a brew from the original starbucks, a divine pain au chocolat from Le Panier, or a crumpet with honey or pesto from The Crumpet Shop, the lines won't be insane yet."
"Pike Place Market was my favorite part about Seattle. We went on a chilly but dry day, which we were so thankful for. Everything is so fresh - the cheese, the fish, the chowder! Best of all, everyone is so friendly and engaging that you can tell they really love Pike Place and they love working there. I tried some really unique honeys and jams, had a bite of a red orange that was just so full of flavor, and I saw some of the most beautiful arrangements of flower that really inspired me. I didn't care for Seattle much as a city, but I wouldn't mind returning to Pike Place over and over again. \n\nA Seattle must-see."
"LOVE IT HERE!!!!\n\nAlways a must when visiting Seattle.  I could spend 5 hours in this place!  Between all the vendors, people watching, fresh fish, flowers, food, the original Starbucks, etc. it's a great experience!\n\nWe were able to bring home some smoked salmon from the main fish store (they wrap it up with ice & it's FAA approved- so you could put it through the scanner & on the plane!)\n\nLots of really nice people and very cool stuff to see.\n\nCan't wait to head back!"
"I LOVE this place! I could spend an entire day just looking at everything! Not to mention buy all the dried fruit chips out...it's so easy to overspend here that I have to withdraw money and leave my card at home. I usually go in the morning before the place officially opens to beat the crowd and I make it a routine to go to Piroshky's before I leave :p but this place is definitely a must in Seattle, tourist or resident of Washington, I don't think one could get bored (assuming you don't go on a regular basis which then you probably WILL get bored after a while lol). But if you like to throw around money, I recommend bringing cash and leaving the card at home haha"
"As a Seattle native I visit the market regularly and also had the pleasure of working in it for awhile. The atmosphere is always buzzing. Certain things are better bought from the market..the seafood, flowers and honey to name a few. \n\nHaving worked there for awhile, there are definitely grimy parts of the market. This is an in and out kind of place. Usually because there are so many tourists and you might feel like stuffed sausage trying to get out of the casing . But, if you stay around long enough there will be some amazing people watching. I could write a book on 'market rats', watching homeless people eat out of the garbage can daily and the many ghost presences I have encountered.\n\nI digress...\n\nMy favorite picks: Market Spice (You *must* get market spice tea if you are a visitor, it will blow your mind), The Confectional (Amazing cheesecake), Corner Produce (where I usually get my fruits and veggies).\n\nSidenote: I could spend an entire day in DeLaurenti. They have great Italian products, deli counter and wine selection. Also, the best pizza I have had so far in the city.\n\nThe usual suspects: Original Starbucks, Piroshky Piroshky, Beechers..\n\nParking hint: You might think because you have the physical dexterity to, you will park under the viaduct and hike up the hill. Wrong! It is about the same price or cheaper to park in the lot west of the market. Also, if there is an earthquake higher than 2.0 that viaduct is going down and your car will be underneath.\n\nOh,and say 'Hi' to Rachel the Pig, for me!"
"This place is dirty and full of addicts, not to mention the annoying tourists that you often have to shove and trip to get through the place. But it has a wide variety of produce as well as farm and sea fresh proteins. It also has myriad eclectic shops and decent restaurants w/ diverse cuisine. One must clearly be dumb and probably  a threat to children and america if they do not to go here when visiting Seattle.\n\nPS\n\nSpeaking of kids, the little shitbags at this place are also a pain in the ass, especially in the comic store and at that doughtnut hole which has a line that seems to stretch around the corner for some reason."
"I had no idea heaven would be filled with ridiculously happy people; tons of fresh produce, seafood, and flowers; and piroshki.\n\nThere's so much to see, so much to eat; wish I'd had more time there. A great place to spend a few hours strolling through, snacking on anything that looks interesting (and there's a LOT to choose from, so save room). Yeah, it was packed when we went on a Saturday afternoon, but I was moseying along trying to look at everything anyway, just like everyone else seemed to be doing. If I lived nearby, I'd be there often getting groceries and treating myself to big, cheap bunches of gorgeous flowers. Wish Chicago had something like this!\n\nDefinitely something I'll try to get back to."
"When it's summer time, this place is definitely the place to be at. You got the original Starbucks, flower stands, the gum wall and fine mom and pop shops. It's busy and parking is a pain but it's one of Seattle's historical landmarks. You can't go to Seattle and not visit this place. Parts of Sleepless in Seattle was shot here! lol If you got the money to buy fresh seafood, you'll find an endless amount of it here. But it is expensive!"
"I enjoyed visiting the gum wall and appreciated the free tour that provided us with information about the gum wall. The seafood is delicious. We also went on the overpriced ferris wheel and carousel. We enjoyed both. \n\nOK, now here is what I didn't like:\nThe huge adult shop directly across from the main entrance\nThe outrageous cost of parking\nDense penetration of bums/crackheads\n\nDefinitely a one time deal."
"Always one of the highlights of any trip to Seattle.  I love strolling through the stalls and checking out the rows of Dungeness crabs, huge whole salmon and other fish, gorgeous fruits and vegetables, stunning flowers, and all the other fun stuff.  It can get crowded, so it's good to go early if you can."
"I was expecting a disney-fied place like the Baltimore  Inner Harbor or Faneuil Hall in Boston or SF's Fisherman's Wharf.  Instead Pike Place is still a working market albeit with loads of tourists -- like me.\n\nGo early and avoid the crowds.  Go even earlier (before 8:00) for great photos of the delivery trucks unloading and the vendors setting up."
"As far as tourist traps go, Pike's Market is just about the biggest and best catch, pun utterly intended.\n\nYes, you can see some huge in bright orange throw fish at you, keep your eye on it, keep your eye on it... you can eat pretty much the world's array of fruit samples, you can try your darnedest to swim against the river of live bodies. You can see all the local things, most of which you can buy at one of the many fine festivals in the city.\n\nThe great thing, even after decade, decades, centuries in the city, you'll still find yourself here every once in a while or more. One fellow reviewer wrote: \"Definitely will return.\" Yes, yes you will.\n\nListen to a cover of Space Oddity, have a slice, spend too much on something like macaroni and cheese (oh yeah, you guys know what I'm talking about), have a beer and sausage, and end up coming back sometime.\n\nSpending too much for a beer - $8\nWatching cheese making while eating said cheese of some earlier time - $12\nPulic pay toilet - Well, those are gone now, so $5M\n\nKnowing that you'll be back. Priceless.\n\nThanks for listening!"
"It seems to be a requirement for every major US city/tourist destination to have a big marketplace downtown. Boston has Quincy Market. Philadelphia has Reading Terminal Market. San Francisco has the Ferry Building. And Seattle has Pike Place Market.\n\nThis largely outdoor market offers a lot of fun, unique items and fresh groceries. If you lived downtown, I could definitely understand doing your food shopping here. There's a store for pretty much every possible consumer need (except maybe clothing--there aren't a lot of clothing stores). In the summertime, which is when I visited, it is more crowded than the Superbowl so don't expect to be able to walk a straight line from one end to another without bumping into a million people.\n\nThings to do while at Pike Place Market:\n\n1) Watch the fish toss at Pike Place Fish Market\n2) Sample fresh, seasonal and unique produce (like rainbow carrots and pluots)\n3) Visit the original Starbucks (but get there early to beat the crowds)\n4) Leave a \"souvenir\" at the Gum Wall\n5) Try a Russian piroshky (don't worry, the line moves pretty fast)\n6) Inhale a cup-sized cheesecake at The Confectional"
"It's a BEAUTIFUL place worth every second ....\n\nIt brings you up when you are down,\nIt fills you up when hungry,\nIt turns your frown into a big smile, \n\nthe list goes on.... Give it a try!"
"Always make it an effort to stop at Pike's when I'm visiting Seattle.\n\nDoesn't ever seem to get old!!!\n\nSo many things to do and EAT!!!\n\nGet the oysters, have some clam chowder, buy some unique Market Spice tea, heyyy to the Starbucks, say hi to the piggy and stop at the gum wall!!!"
"When visiting Seattle, Pike Place Market is ESSENTIAL on the to-do list. There are a multitude of… Read more »"
"One of my favorite place to wander around on an early weekend morning.  A must visit for visitors and the goodies hidden throughout the market are limitless.  Piroshkis, crumpets, clam chowders, $5 flowers....what's not to love?!\n\nWell maybe the hoards of tourists clogging up the narrow way but it's so worth elbowing some strangers to get a macaroon from Le Panier."
"My 100th review goes to my beloved pike place market. I seriously never get sick of this place! I always talk about how I'm going to move away from Seattle because I'm sick of the weather. If I had to miss one thing about Seattle, it would be pike place market. \n\nI LOVE how lively this place is! Even though, i've seen all the same vendors a million times, I never get sick of the fish throwing, honey from moon valley, the entertainers along the side making a living, the gum wall, the gigantic piggy bank, delicious desserts, piroshky, and beechers cheese. I think I could probably go on and on about this place and how I love everything about it, but it would just be a long list of everything on here. \n\nI recommend testing out the fresh smoked salmon. They always give samples and I always get suckered into buying smoked salmon. There is one particular fish market that does sell smoked black cod!!! They always run out whenever I go visit, but be sure to hunt it down, its in the middle of the market I think near the sausage/ bratwurst links store.\n\nIm jealous of all those people who live near pike place market. If I lived there, I would be walking around there everyday!"
"My new goal in life is to own an apartment within walking distance of this market.\n\nEnough said."
"Pike Place Market is amazing.  I am sure if you live here you might get incredibly sick of the tourists but it's toooo good!  \n\nIf you are visiting Seattle for the first time or the 10th time I still find it amazing.  I love all the vendors and especially the fish throwing.\n\nI would definitely recommend finding a good price on fruit and buying it here.  It's all local..well mostly and it's delicious.  Try the peaches! \n\nSince there are a TON of tourists I would definitely try coming during the week, its better than the weekends BUT it's still packed.  \n\nAlso, make sure to visit the Gum Wall, its a little hidden but it's below the market down a little alley way.  Good luck!"
"Pike Place Market is amazing.  I am sure if you live here you might get incredibly sick of the… Read more »"
"Oh man.\n\nYes, it's where all the tourists visit, but honestly, it is just an amazing place. The locals love it as well (though they wish all of us tourists would butt out) because it just has the freshest produce, flowers, meats and artisan goods. \n\nIt is kind of like a zoo since so many people are trying to get through on weekends but with $5 bouquets of flowers, I would go every weekend. \n\nCannot wait to visit here again :)"
"Everyone comes to Seattle to visit Pike Place Market!  This place is a market that has so many cute stalls that serve all your food and gift needs.  There are some regular stalls that never move, and there are some vendors that are constantly rotating out.  Be sure to check back each week or month to see what is new!\n\nStalls that I like here are Sosio's Produce (they have sweet peaches called Oh My God peaches during the summer), Market Spice (they have a variety of spices and teas to try), the salsa/sauce store downstairs, the used bookstore downstairs, and some of the artists that are outside the covered area.  I bought this super pretty peacock print for $16 from a local artist.\n\nThe smell of seafood fills part of the market since there are a ton of seafood stalls with fish on ice.\n\nAcross the street from the Market is Piroshky Piroshky, a Russian bakery/pastry shop that has very good savory pastries.  Give it a try if you like pastries with lots of onions and/or meat."
"A must see when in Seattle."
"I don't believe I have ichthyophobia but may have developed some symptoms after coming here!  Pike's Place is exactly what you see on television: loud spirited fish mongers yelling out orders and throw fish around like a football.  A few of them whizzed by my head so closely that I can practically smell it.  I've never been slapped in the face with a yellow tail or tuna but I assume it would be painful and slimy.  The fish throwers are quite precise and I witnessed only one person being slapped in the back of the head with a mackerel.\n\nComing here is a must if you're in Seattle.  Pike's Place is a lively fish market where one can get the fresh catch of the day.  I've seen more fish here than Seaworld and they all look so fresh and clean.  There are many fish vendors here so it'll be difficult not to find what you're looking for.  Of course the highlight is the crowd-pleasing fish throwing...this place is known for it.  I can't think of another market that does this.\n\nAside from fish, there are other vendors that sell fruits, cheeses, vegetables, meats, fresh cut flowers, and even souvenirs.  It's a flurry of activity and of course, a big tourist attraction.  If you had enough of fish throwing, you can get yourself a bit to eat at the local eateries in the Market.\n\nThe best time to come is early morning any day when vendors are setting up.  You are free to move about without the crowds.  Parking is horrendous here.  If you can avoid driving here, the better.  If you do drive, be prepare to shell out a few dollars.  Public transit is your best bet.  Also since Pike's a huge tourist attraction, be aware of beggars/bums near the area.  They can be quite combative and unfortunately aggressive."
"The PPM is really a place you want to go when you want to splurge.... Or if you are of well income and prefer the more organic produce you can find here, or local craftsmanship.  \n\nThe prices here are sadly high, and a lot of people would say you get what you pay for, so if you want to make a quality meal, definitely come down here, but be ready to pay.  Some of the propriators may make deals with you on the spot, kind of like it was in the good ole days.  \n\nThe open air feels great, but is sometimes forgotten amidst the sea of people.  This market can get packed.  Thats just the upper level honestly.  Once you go downstairs, the throngs of people thin out and you can find other great shops to look through, so don't ignore the downstairs :)  Also, don't ignore the other side of the street.  \n\nFor the people that have never been, there is a whole other side to the market, which includes food stands, a kitchen shop (be careful with your big bags though, it's packed with wares) and even an awesome little butcher shop stand.  The gentleman at the stand was great.  He offers steak butter, but I had never heard of it before, so he sent a slice home for us to try.  It was good, delicious really.  I can't imagine it would taste the same way twice, as he probably uses the scraps of what he has to make it.  Either way, that and the thick slices of pepperoni were just amazing.  \n\nIf you are going to go, you are better off taking a large reusable grocery bag, a sturday one, and taking the bus, unless you want to fight through Seattle traffic and hunt down a parking spot.  It is probably cheaper as well to take the bus, and just make it an all day cruise.  \n\nI won't suggest this place for daily grocery shopping, because again, the prices are pretty high, but if you have the income to shop their daily/weekly, then go for it.  Otherwise, you are better off saving this place for a  more special occasion.  \n\nDownside:  You do have a lot of homeless people who spend their day down in the park right there at the market.  It would normally be gorgeous to look over at the water, and the docks, but the vagrancy kind of ruins it.  Also, you have to be patient, as there are a LOT of tourists that come here."
"This is definitely a must-do on your tourist list.  We visited Seattle, and despite coming here many times before, we had to return for another visit.  There are a variety of stores with all types of products to buy.  It's a very fun thing to do."
"OMG. PIKE PLACE MARKET... I LOVED THIS PLACE SOOO MUCH. \n\nSo my best friend Wendy came to Seattle back in May & we had planned to visit the market once during our stay... We came back every flippin' day. LOVE the flowers. LOVE the booths. and i LOOOOOOOVE the oyster shooters. It's a really great place to come wander around with your friend, boyfriend, girlfriend, sister, yourself, etc. SO many different things to see, smell & taste.. \n\nDefinitely will return."
"I love this market. I always come here whenever I come visit Seattle and like seeing all items, souvenirs, fruits, fish, and food being sold. The thing I like about it is that it's not only a tourist attraction but brings people from all over Seattle as well. It really unique, fun and I always love the experience. \n\nIts great that it comes with live entertainment with small shops and vendors. Its also where the first Starbucks is! It's pretty much always crowded whenever I go but I would definitely recommend it whether it's your 1st time to Seattle or the 20th time LOL! I always look forward to it and am looking forward to it again the next time I come to Seattle again."
"Even though I'm a WA native, I still love coming here and being a tourist. While nothing really seems to have changed... I enjoy re-visiting some of my favorite shops whenever I make my yearly trip. People watching is probably the best part. I never buy anything, it's too expensive.\n\nDefinitely love it though!\n\nOnly beef, I wish it were a bit more -Seattle- than international."
"A standard on everyone's visit to Seattle, right? I had the luxory of walking through on my own, in my own pace, trying to avoid kids and tourists who just stop walking suddenly forgetting that someone might be right behind them. Don't you hate people that do that?\nThis entire area, including Post Alley, is fun because you never know what you might find that you must have or a gift for a friend. Grab a bite to eat and go sit on the little patch of grass and enjoy the sun when it's out.\nSilly note, but Seattle has soft grass compared to Denver's grass. I can say that since I live in Denver."
"By far the best open air market I've ever been to.  This place provides great atmosphere & entertainment, great products, and great value.\n\nThe highlights of the market are obviously the super fresh seafood, the fish handlers, and the florists.  Fishes bigger than you've ever seen, right in front of you, starting at you with their glazed over eys.  And at decent prices.  The florists are all over the place.  And back home, an arrangement that costs $80 can be picked up for around $15 here . Also, there is good grub to be found... There was an asian cafe, a couple of sit down restaraunts, and plenty of other choices.  Grab a to go meal and eat it at the park adjacent to the market for some kick butt views, and to mingle with some of the locals."
"Pike Place Market is the best part of Seattle. It is a great place to buy things. People take pictures there; pictures of lots of stuff. Like flowers and peppers and pigeons. I am in the background of so many of those photos because I live nearby and visit the market to buy things like flowers and peppers. Some people eat pigeons and they call it \"squab.\" But not me. \n\nOff the top of my head, I would have to recommend the following random things, which I will probably review separately:\n\n1. The raspberry croissants at Le Panier are the best raspberry croissants in the world.\n2. My favorite flower lady is the one on the corner closest to the brass pig.\n3. The first Starbucks in the world is dumb. I don't know why it's so popular.\n4. The guy with the parrot is for real, the guy with the squirrel on a leash is just a freak and a local pervert, so don't be fooled by his \"act\" or get into a conversation with him about conservation or local politics, he is just wasting your time.\n5. It's always faster to walk in the street than on the sidewalks, which get crowded by people who don't have anywhere to be.\n6. The chicken and goat cheese sandwhich at Michou is very tasty.\n7. I made up the thing about the squirrel guy.\n8. I don't think there is a place to get a smoothie in the market.\n9. I guess I can stop using numbered list now.\n10. But it's kind of addictive. Things feel more orderly.\n11. Okay I ran out of things to say about the Pike Place Market."
"You have to visit Pike Place Market while in Seattle - it's one of the city's main icons and it's worth it. Yes, there will be tons of tourists, day or night, but you'll regret it if you skip out for that reason alone. \n\nPike Place Market seems to be an area of town, just as much as the market stalls. There are food vendors, artists, restaurants and shops to explore. The main floor of the public market is what everyone is drawn to. That's where they throw the fish and sell bouquets of flowers for cheap. It's an experience to be had, but don't miss the lower levels of the building where there are unique shops and far less people. \n\nWe loved looking at the fresh fish and the beautiful flowers. We purchased some of the gourmet pasta (and made it first thing upon returning home from vacation) and some of the French pastries. We enjoyed just wandering around. \n\nThe market is better early than late - the stalls start closing up after 5. The fish ice is dumped and the flowers disappear. The good news is that late is the perfect time to snap an unobstructed shot of the famous Public Market neon signs."
"Best fresh fish in town!"
"(i have a blog post on this at http://apcollective.com/…)\n\nnext on the agenda was visiting the pike place market. this market is more than a hundred-years old (opened in 1907) and is home to farmers, crafts-persons, and merchants. along with the flagship starbucks store, pike place market harbors a variety of family owned restaurants and shops.\n\nit is literally a few blocks from the main shopping area in downtown. seattle is known to be one of the most walk-able cities in the united states. with free ground transportation within downtown, i whole-heatedly agree with the statement.\n\nwithin the market is the post alley that akin to the alleyways in european countries, surrounded by street performers, small markets, shops, restaurants, and cafès. the seattle version offers similar experience.\n\nmy best buddies from junior high school brian and david tagged along in this day-journey. the gum wall is also in the post alley by the speakeasy bar."
"What more is there to say?  Awesome fresh fish market, home of the world famous thrown fish.  If I lived in or near Seattle we'd be here every week.  Way too much to see, do and eat for one visit."
"Pike Place is, to me, more about the experience than it is a place to shop.  As locals, we like to ride the bus here just to walk around, often without buying a thing, saving us the hassle and expense of finding a parking spot.  Take that element out of the mix and you have a people-watching extravaganza with an amazing view of the waterfront.\n\nSure, sure. It's usually packed and the tourist hot spots are very expensive I admit ($45 for a T-shirt?  Zoinks!).  But they do have very nice flower bouquets, a world of selection in local honey and season fruit, and you can often find unsual wild mushrooms and produce you can't get at your local grocer.  Got black trumpet mushrooms?  Check!  \n\nIt's just the toasted pumpkin seeds on top of the harvest bread that Pike Place has some great culinary spots to boot. Michou, Le Panier, Beecher's, Piroshky Piroshky and 3 Girls Bakery are just some of the highlights, but it's fun to stop by the dairy counter, browse through Pear Deli and look through Kitchen Basics.  They have tons of curiosity shops that sell anything from Latin American artifacts, incense, books, spices to records and more.  The very first Starbucks is here.  Sur La Table is close by and Post Alley is also a fun stroll.  \n\nI feel lucky to have this place so close to home!"
"I grew up in Seattle, so its hard to write about such an iconic place. Its easily the best farmer's market I have ever been too (and I live in San Diego now), but its also full of tourists. I don't tend to buy a lot of stuff when I am there because I am usually showing someone around. There are lots of good restaurants to sneak into while you're at the Market though -- especially this French place that has amazing croque madams for breakfast.\n\nIf you're visiting Seattle, you definitely need to visit for the whole fresh produce, fish-flying, beautiful cheap flower experience."
"I always find myself in Pike Place Market for different occasions.\n\nRecently I brought a friend here since she is new in town. It was busy as always. I don't think there is ever a day when the Market is not busy. Weekends are always more crowded, guaranteed. \n\nFresh vegetables are sold here for a higher price than grocery stores. Lots of small shops inside the Market that worth exploring!\n\nRestaurants inside the Market with the view can be pretty expensive and pricey. So head to Chinatown for some cheap lunch or dinner or walk up to the Westlake Center for cheap food at the food court!"
"LOVE PIKE PLACE!!!\n\nI absolutely love pike place! When I did my internship in downtown, I walk pass by… Read more »"
"Love this market!  It's always a recommendation that I give to people when visiting Seattle.  Obviously a little touristy, but that's part of the charm. \n\nThis market boasts everything from flower stands, restaurants, seafood, bars, specialty grocery stores, tea/coffee, bookstores, etc.  I love the energy- and be prepared to spend at least a couple of hours walking around the market to site-see and people-watch.  There's also a huge copper hog out in the front of the market that's fun for a photo opportunity.  Be careful of the flying fish in that area though!\n\nThe market is surrounded by a city park/grassy area, and on the rare but sunny day, there are normally street musicians out playing.\n\nDefinitely a must-see in Seattle- support the local economy and enjoy one of the best parts of Seattle! :)"
"Very cool..."
"Great fun even if a bit too touristy.  Must see and have a few pics taken if you are a first time Seattle visitor.  Buy your stuff at a local farmer's market if it's summer time."
"Of all the things that make this city unique, Pike Place Market has to be up there with the best of them. \n\nOver my years of travel, I have spent copious time looking through regional and local markets - be it the subcontinent, Provence, Paris, Hobart, Thailand, the lush Caribbean islands to name a few. They've all held a special place in my heart.\n\nAnd with Pike Place, I have my own little market to wander through. I still remember the first time I saw the sign. I felt all warm on that cold October evening.\n\nThere is something utterly magical about seeing the locals peddle their wares - from flowers, fresh produce to meats and seafood, handicrafts, dairy, and all manner of novelties.\n\nThe market also boasts cafes, and bakeries, gum wall, book stores, and so much more. The original Starbucks, original Sur La Table, are just of the gems in its vicinity.\n\nI love this market. It's so easy to spend many hours wandering through its maze and discovering new smells, sights and sounds. It will take me many happy treks to see the whole market.\n\nPeople throng to take pictures of the famous sign. While I have been rather blasé about it, my inner tourist knows that someday, I am going to have the ubiquitous picture of the famous Seattle landmark. And what a colourful landmark it is!"
"So large isn't quite the word.\nPike Place Market has gots massive yo! Tourists and residents all in this place!\nFood, food, food!\nWalking!\nOh the awesomeness of it all!"
"No review necessary. \n\nJust go!!!!!!"
"Pike Place Market (overlooking Elliott Bay) opened August 17, 1907, and is one of the oldest continually operated public farmers' markets in the United States. It is a place of business for many small farmers, craftspeople and merchants. There are a number of good restaurants within the Market and around the neighbourhood.\n\nThe Market name comes from the central street and is one of Seattle's most popular tourist destinations. The Market is sprawling both horizontally and vertically. It covers many city blocks and it's built on the edge of a sharp hill and consists of several lower levels. On our most recent visit, Gayle and I arrived from the water by walking into a parking garage and taking their elevator up to the Market.\n\nMy latest visit was a bit limited as with luggage in tow, it's nearly impossible to get through the crowd with good manners and the cobblestone street in parts does a number on roller luggage. On other trips, I've loved exploring the multiple levels, wandering he surrounding streets, enjoying the fresh produce, taking in all the interesting people, and almost always finding a unique gift or souvenir to take home. There's almost nothing like it in terms of an authentic market experience."
"This place is too cute. Lots of little shops. Great food and enjoyable atmosphere.\n\nMy favorite stops are Piroshky Piroshky, Le Panier, and the multiple fruit stands. I also adore the flower shop, such gorgeous and colorful arrangements (take a hint guys)! \n\nMy only complaints are the crowd and that it closes so early!"
"Fantastic Seattle staple. I wonder if anyone actually comes to Seattle without visiting Pike Place? As one who was \"raised\" on the 'Fish Philosophy' a trip to Pike Place is sort of like a pilgrimage to where my professional outlook is founded. (Shout out, Marc W.)\n\nPike Place is great! Fresh food, some peddled crafts, Washingtonian items, and a sh*t ton of tourists everywhere. \n\nThe staff, particularly at the fish stands, were happy and well prepared with humorous quips at the common coos from the crowd, \nHolly - \"Will you look at that shrimp? It's huge!\" \nFish Dude - \"Why do people always say that? You haven't seen anything.\" [pulls other ginormous shrimp and holds it in his hand]\nHolly - [snaps a photo] \"Wow, that is big!\"\nFish Dude - \"How can you tell how big my hand is?\" [pulls out a quarter and places it near the gigantic shrimp.]\nHolly - [snaps another photo] \"You are certainly prepared. I think you've done this before.\"\nFish Dude - \"No, I haven't. Please be gentle.\" [winks!]\n\nIt's all good in the hood here. Just be sure to take in some of the views outside and explore down under the first floor as there are more shops and restaurants to be had and fewer crowds."
"You will find everything your little heart desires here.  My friends and I went on a road trip to Vancouver and we stopped here briefly on the way back because they said it was something that I HAD to see.  I am so happy that I got to.  Such an abundance of beautiful fresh flowers and they are all SO cheap.  It's incredible.  \n\nObviously, tons of fish as well as produce.  This place is a sensory overload in the best possible way and everyone exploring seems to be genuinely enjoying their time spent (to no surprise).  I don't know how you go there and not."
"Charming village but....closing time? 6 pm?  Who's running this place? My grandmother?"
"Whenever I am in a new city, I make a point to visit the most famous attractions. Of course, I made the walk to the Space Needle and then it was time for Pike Place Market. To be honest, I was expecting an incredibly \"touristy\" experience, but I was pleasantly surprised.\n\nPike Place Market, while certainly not as authentic as the coastal seafood markets in places such as Japan, still maintains a tremendous market atmosphere. As your walk around the various levels of the markets you encounter gorgeous seafood, fresh produce and a wealth of beautiful flowers. All this while overlooking Elliot Bay on the Puget Sound. It kinda makes me wish I lived nearby so I could buy some giant sea scallops or jumbo prawns to cook up for dinner.\n\nThere are several notable things to see if you make the journey. I would recommened seeing the original Starbucks (which was re-located), the fish-tossers, the gum wall, and Pike Place Chowder. Maybe grab a snack and head across the street to Victor Steinbrueck Park and take in the sights of the bay."
"You have to visit Pike's Place while you are in Seattle. It is spectacular.  Fresh flowers and produce, everything is amazing.  Why doesn't every city have this?"
"Pike Place Market was a lot of fun. It can be seen as touristy (and I was a tourist!)  but that shouldn't turn you away from stopping by. I went there twice during my trip to Seattle and both times offered lots of good people watching and pictures. There is a little something for everyone. Think of it as a big farmers market, that EVERYONE knows about. I went there on a Monday and the crowds weren't too bad, but there were definitely more people there when I went back before heading to the airport (on a Sunday).\n\nI tend to shy away from being the tourist and doing touristy things, but I enjoyed Pike Place Market a lot more than I had expected to. If you visit Seattle, visit the market, even if you are a tourist."
"Can't wait to go back and see more. Sensation overload for sure. We only had a day in the city and so much to try so we did not have the opportunity to provide Pike Place Market with the true dedication it deserves. We were pointed towards Beecher's and this coffee addict had to see the Starbucks. We also took a quick peek in Pike & Western for my enophile husband. \n\nBut that's really it. Yes, I know that barely scratches the surface of what there is to see at Pike Place Market, but like I said I cannot wait to go back."
"awesome place to walk around and grab a bite to eat, the scenery is amazing on a sunny day, grab some food to go and go by the water and just enjoy the mountains and the boats and what not, be sure to stop by Beecher's, Piroshky Piroshky, the original Starbucks, and Daily Dozen Donut Co"
"Pike Place Market is an American treasure, and the heart and soul of Seattle.\n\nAs a tourist, it's a great place for breakfast, lunch, coffee, oysters, beer and unique handmade gifts.   If I lived in Seattle I would definitely shop for food here all the time...they feature fresh fruit and vegetables, fish of course, as well as homemade cheeses and other specialty products from local producers.\n\nAlways crowded, great shops and restaurants, street performers, a lot of history and a beautiful view of the Puget Sound.  5 stars!"
"I love the market.  I come here to get a box of pomegranates every year.  This year my go to shop was too expensive.  The stalls across the street in the \"Asian\" section was much cheaper and I got a nice box of poms.  It's close to restaurants or you can graze as you walk.  I love getting gizzards from the fry shop close to where they toss fish.  You can get fresh roasted nuts here.  Fresh seafood is plentiful.  A great comic book shop just below on the next level."
"When in Seattle, you MUST MUST MUST come to Pike Place Market. Seriously I was in heaven. \n\nFlowers (I don't know if they have them all year round) were BEAUTIFUL, COLOURFUL, and oh so cheap!\n\nFish markets had fish, shellfish, etc that were GINORMOUS.  I would eat fish everyday if I lived in Seattle. \n\nThere are so many little restaurants that have great food as well.\n\nThere is also an alley of \"Gum Wall\". Yup disgusting but cool none theless. \n\nYou should put aside at least 2-3 hours to check this place out (at least!)"
"Had one day in Seattle and spent about an hour here.  Trust me, I could have spent a lot longer if it weren't for the time constraints.  This is the kind of place I love and it reminded me a bit of Eastern Market in my beloved Detroit (except the D doesn't have all of the awesome seafood).  This was an amazing venue for people watching.  The pride of ownership was evident with the few vendors that I spoke to.  Free samples, tasty food, amazing scents.  I will make this a must see and spend even more time here should I find myself in Seattle again!"
"Pikes Place is soooooo cool. It's a must go to place when in Seattle. There's so much going on here so much. So many vendors from flowers, to seafood, to home decorations.\n\nEverything is fresh. If you've ever been to Costco or Sams Club you walk around and they have samples. In this case its with fruit so bomb. One of the vendors that is real popular is one seafood spot that throws fish around. \n\nIt's super crowded any day of the week, but the coolness scale overweighs the crowded factor.\n\nAlso there's some entertainment, local and upcoming artists out here in Seattle. Support them, they're great."
"Hands down. Of course! This place doesn't get old, event to Seattle-lites. Best fresh flowers in town."
"Its hard to move.  There are a tons of creeps who hang out near there and it makes for a non-family friendly environment.  The shops are expensive and half of them are for hippies and potheads.   Nothing to struggle for parking over."
"It was our first stop on the Seattle/Tacoma vacation.\n\nParking was horrible and expensive.  That's my only complaint.\n\nMy in laws love Seafood so the market was a hit!  Checking out a couple of all antique places, getting cheese samples, meat samples and wandering by the gum wall were great.\n\nA Seattle icon and an absolute must see on every visit!"
"Pike Place is of course one of the must-see locations in Seattle. It's a gorgeous market, and there is always a really cool selection of trinkets, foodstuffs, and people watching.\n\nOne thing that always bugs me about this place, though, is the whole fish-tossing thing. They take a huge, brilliant, fresh-caught Alaskan King salmon, then they huck it through the air for no purpose other than show. I've never seen them drop one (though I'm sure it happens every so often), but the mere impact of the catch is bound to bruise the fish at least to a small degree, which is a damn shame. I'll tell you what, I'll buy some salmon, just walk it over to me.\n\nPike Place is also almost always ridiculously crowded, which is not my thing. So, if you've never been, go check it out, but that's about the best I can say."
"Pike Place Market is a must-see for anyone visiting Seattle. I was only in town for two days for work but was very glad I had the chance to head down to the water and check out the market. All of the vendors were extremely friendly and helpful. The flowers in particular were GORGEOUS and so inexpensive! If I hadn't been heading for the airport I would have snatched some up! I did purchase a very nice handmade Christmas ornament that a man makes together with his wife. So adorable. I would also recommend going in the morning if you can swing it as it wasn't too crowded at all. It was very peaceful walking around enjoying the shops, food and the water. I can't wait to go back the next time I am in Seattle!"
"Never gets old!\n\nMy favorites: Golden Age, the fresh flowers, the metal pig."
"Love pike place market, not so much how busy it is. Sundays are better. But the different foods and shops are soo fun. Great if you are out of towner. and great for photography."
"A must see if you're vacationing in Seattle.\nLove the flowers, seafood, and nicknacks.\nEasiest place to park on the back side off of Alaskan Way. They usually have a $10 early bird special from 9:30am to 9:30pm."
"What's not to LOVE about Pike's market??? Oh. yeah...the crowds...super crowded which is the only negative I can really think of.  \n\nThis is my second visit to Pike's so I decided to finally give this place the review I was too lazy to write the first time.  This place is a MUST visit for tourists. I so wish we had something like this back home, it even beats places in San Francisco.  The market is so well priced, full of gorgeous bouquets of flowers for $5/$10/$15.  Excellent prices and it doesn't stop there!  The seafood markets are kick ass.  They have for sale Alaskan King Crab, Jumbo Shrimps, HUGE lobster tails and oversized scallops, it's like seafood on steroids and the price is more than reasonable for fresh seafood.    I don't remember the prices, but the seafood was much cheaper than in San Francisco.  Lots of vendors, shops, and eateries and there are multiple levels."
"Great booths and fantastic people watching.  A must if in Seattle.\n\nGreat gift and the foods are fantastic. Bought the bet jerky for hiking and it was delicious."
"What a wonderful place to spend an afternoon or a day! Just walking through and seeing all of the fresh produce and the beautiful flowers is a delight! And I love how every time I come by here, there is always a different variety of flower that is in season and there are bouquets as low as $5 to buy for that special someone :D. It's also great how many of the fruit stand owners will just give out free slices of peaches for you to try. And the produce is actually very reasonably priced...it's only about 50 cents more then what I would pay at the local supermarket. There is also a huge variety of food to eat too! From piroshkies to donuts to clam chowder, Peke Place Market just has it all! If you are visiting Seattle, then you HAVE to come here to experience the market :D\n\nPros:\n- Partial outdoor market (but it's mainly indoors) with tons of beautiful sights to see of food\n- Beautiful flowers throughout the year so buy a pretty bouquet for that special someone to brighten their day\n- Don't forget to make a contribution to the Gum Wall! \n\nCons:\n- Parking is soooo annoying! I like to park down by the waterfront and I usually get lucky down there\n\nWhy I gave it a 5.....\nIt's an iconic attraction of Seattle that really does define the Emerald City! Soooo pretty and it's fun to just walk through the market to experience all the new sights, sounds, and smells :D. Try to get here in the early afternoon or earlier if you can to avoid the huge crowds here.....and DEFINITELY try to get here on the weekdays too to avoid the crowds."
"The flowers here are so fresh and beautiful. We came here during tulip season, so The stalls were filled with tulips of every color. Coming from California, i havent seen markets that are fresh like this. Not to mention that a banquet of flowers only cost 10-15$. If i lived here my house will be filled with flowers every weekend. \n\nThis mostly resembles the flea market we have here in San Jose, except the fish and produce is incredibly Fresh. Also a major plus is the beautiful scenary of water in the back of pike market. \n\nLove, love love!"
"Damn, this place is big. It's probably double or triple the size of the markets in Baltimore and Philly.\n\nGod help you if you try to drive here. People will just walk in the streets and it will take you forever. I saw a car almost run over a little dog on a leash."
"I love Pike Place. I don't know who wouldn't. If you live in Seattle, you obviously know the deal of avoiding peak hours on sunny weekends. If you're visiting, try to go to Pike Place early around the time that they open. There are less people and you can actually buy things without the mad amount of people behind you.\n\nThe prices here are similar to buying local/organic produce and it is definitively worth it. You can find everything you want here: meat, fish, pasta, pepper jellys, jams, vegetables, fruits, spices, teas, cheese! Literally everything and great prices. AND DON\" FORGET THE FLOWERS! unbelievable prices for such great bouquets,,small only cost around $5 and the highest is about $15 and they are giant bouquets..you will never find that deal anywhere else. \n\nHighly recommend bringing your own canvas bag to store your purchases or you'll wind up with a lot of brown bags. Different vendors come different days and seasons, so definitely worth it to keep coming back and buying fresh produce here!"
"Great market. Fresh seafood. Excellent produce. Has a really good atmosphere. Fun to walk around even if you don't buy anything."
"Seattle is like my 3rd home away from home...\nAnd Pikes Place Market is a stop I have to do every time I'm in the city.  \nI love the the smell of the fresh flowers mixed in with the fresh fish on a busy Sunday morning. Sunday is my favourite day to come here, yes it's filled with tourist and you can barely walk by or to taste all the free samples but that's part of the charm.  I love the coffee shops, bakeries, and of course the market who doesn't like fresh fruits and veggies.  \nBring cash, most vendors only accepts cash."
"This place was responsible for stuffing me with horrible yet sooo gooey/yummy American food. I'm Serious: Cheesecake on a stick?! Fantastically fattenning! Also checked out the little fruit stands and original Starbucks. Much like Granville Island in Vancouver BC. \nA bit touristy, but hell, I am in complete denial about my touristy ways."
"Must visit if you're a tourist!!\nLove the ambiance."
"totally awesome. Classic Seattle, it is a must see attraction."
"Nice place to hang around as a traveler.  You can try fruits and nuts here before you buy.  Lots of local growers and producers, and it's been like this for many decades.  Pike Place Market is great and we wish we had something like this in Central Texas."
"Ditto all the other reviewer comments.  Love coming to Pike Place when I'm in Seattle to peruse the many shops/vendors.  So much to see and experience, with many unique items packed into this area of town.  You can really get lost and lose track of time given how much there is to see and do here.  I'll be back!"
"Ya gotta love Pike's!!!  Great local food, art, music, entertainment.... don't miss it!"
"If you're visiting Seattle, this is the one spot you have to check out! There's so much to do, see, eat, buy. I'm not sure if the locals come here often, but I tend to make a few stops here whenever I'm in the area. On a nice day, it's very refreshing to take a walk along the pier and around the market.\n\nSome booths can be tourists traps, but for the most part, all the produce items are of high quality and worth the mark up. I love being able to taste some of the fruits and snacks from different vendors. There's a little bit of everything for everyone: fish market, coffee, bakeries, cheese shops, pasta and olive oil stands, dried fruits, ranier cherries, honey sticks, Rachel the pig, and the list just goes on and on. \n\nSome of my favorites food spots are:\n\nPiroshky Piroshky, Beecher's Handmade Cheese, Le Panier, Pike Place Chowder, The Confectional, Chukar Cherries, The Crumpet Shop, La Buona Tavola (truffle shop!). \n\nAnd yes yes, this is home of the original Starbuck's, graced by a soulful acapella group putting on a show outside. Love them!"
"Loved my travels in Seattle, though Pikes was pretty busy. I want to come back and buy flowers! So beautiful!"
"Swung by for quick visit during SakuraCon 2012.\n\nI gotta say, as a former Hong Kong resident, it really brought back wet market memories. :sigh: \n\nWelp, all in all, this is definitely a place to check out, if you don't mind the throngs of crowds and ceaseless noise. There's plenty to buy and see here, from fresh fish to flowers to spices to tea and everything in between. I came here on my own the first time around, and later with Savor Seattle on a walking tour. In hindsight, I'm really glad I went with a tour group, as I would have never found out about half the facts about Seattle as I did with them. \n\nMost of the vendors are very friendly and are quite honest in what they sell. I'm really glad I bought that quart of strawberries - really, really needed some fruit after feeling like crap the entire day).\n\nI never made it downstairs (where there's apparently a pretty wicked comic book store), but I was too caught up in the hubbub from everything upstairs to even remember that there were multiple levels)."
"How does this renowned market compare to the markets in SF, LA, Toronto, Philly? Not bad. It's got character and bustle, things I like in my markets. It is a tourist landmark. It's got the claim to fame (first Starbucks). Parking is a bit tough and the flow is a bit mixed. It one of the better ones.\n\nSome highlights:\n\nPiroshky--- loved the smoked salmon\nPike Place Chowder- top notch, creamy, rich and fresh clams\nSosio or Franks - your best fruit stops, top notch cherries and peaches\nPike Place Fish - fun to watch, hear the holler\nChukar cherries - cherries and chocolate, a good combo\nBeecher - watch the cheese curd\nOriginal Starbucks - go to the one around the block....too long line and too many people trying to photos"
"Great selection of fruits and vegetables that are locally grown.  Keep in mind before you go there that the booths at the entrance/closer to the street jack up their prices because they know that you haven't checked out the other vendors' prices inside yet.  \nFor example, some booths inside will have Ranier cherries for $2.99 per pound whereas the booths on the street/near the entrance have them at $3.99 and sometimes higher.   I also recommend picking fruits that are cold to the touch as those are usually more firm and more fresh. \n\nYou can find some fruits that are typically harder to find such as mangosteens, lychees, etc. \n\nIf you wait until around closing time, you can get good deals as the vendors are calling it a day and need to get rid of fruits.  We got a pound worth of blueberries and blackberries for $1 per pound about 25 minutes before closing (6pm on some days)."
"Everything you expect and more! Definitely gotta see as a tourist!"
"If you are visiting Seattle, I would go here instead of the Space needle. It's honestly one of the best sites in the USA. If you have your doubts then street view the location on Google Earth."
"It's cool to walk around, but nothing spectacular.\n\nIt's hecka crowded, there is nothing that I would really buy, hence, I walked through it, saw the original starbucks, and then left to sit down and get a starbucks at the Pike St. and 5th location. lol \n\nI guess if you are a local and you want to get fresh fruit or fish this place would be awesome to shop at."
"What if I told you that the primary reason I'm looking into moving to Seattle within the next five years was because of this market being absolutely, breathtakingly impressive? I'm not kidding, this is the epitome of fresh. The smells are unbelievable, the abundance of fruit, vegetables, teas, handmade products and home goods, SEAFOOD, tons of samples, flowers, and the most interesting corner shops you will ever come across.\nThis is everything you could wish for and then some more, in terms of a fresh, organic marketplace. I can't wait until it becomes my primary source for food."
"I was in Seattle this February. Although the weather was bit crummy, my spirit was high! Love the Pike Place Market! Lots of interesting things to explore like all kinds of food, flowers, handmade/organic products, flowers, clothing, etc. I bought wasabi almonds, organic hand cream, and lots of fresh fruits! \n\nJust a kind reminder: Don't forget to visit the original Starbucks opened in 1971 when you visit the Pike Place Market. The 1st & Pike Starbucks is just right across the market. It's also a great place for souvenirs."
"Flowers, puget sound, coffee, good food, gelato....Can't get much better then this! Pike Place is the ultimate bored Sunday place to go. It will keep you entertained for ours. Lots of shops and cute stands to walk through."
"A Seattle icon for sure. You can't say that you've visited Seattle without at least walking through the main street and marveling at all the activity and great smells wafting through the air. The street artists, flowers, fish tossers, unique shops, and of course the original Starbucks make PPM a great destination for all ages and tastes. \n\nThe cheese festival was going on when I was there and I loved sampling all the different cheeses and eventually bringing home a great block of cheese that made us all happy.\n\nI finally got a chance to check out the gum wall and really enjoyed the weirdness and ick-factor of this landmark.\n\nI will say that it is a little easy to get lost if you are not paying attention, so keep your eyes peeled for memorable markers so you don't miss out on any of the multi-level awesomeness.\n\n*A perfect date would include walking through and selecting food and drink from various places and eating in the park nearby (provided its not raining)."
"Signature spot in Seattle.  You won't get any bargains, but you get a real slice of americana and some of the greatest diversity of fresh fruit, flowers, fish, and meats you will ever see, smell, touch, and in some cases, taste.   Locals and tourists alike go there every day - and you should too."
"Great place for fresh local produce, fish, and flowers.  Avoid the weekends during the summer it is not worth it so crowded with tourists.  During the winter it's great you have the whole place almost to yourself.\n\nDon't forget to explore the lower levels there are a lot of great shops with cool stuff down there!\n\nSome places will accept credit cards, but it's best to bring cash."
"This place always makes me wish I lived in Seattle so that I could buy the produce and seafood for dinner. It's not cheap, but it's great fun to browse the stalls. Great energy too. I also love the eateries across from the market."
"As every Seattle guidebook in the world says you have to come here when you visit. At least once. If you're here during the week make sure to pick that over the weekend because it gets SO crowded that, unless you love crowds, it can be overwhelming. But yeah, go!"
"In the morning we headed to Pike Place Market, down on the waterfront.  Again, recommended by son-in-law and AAA.  It was a beautiful day to be out, and the market and nearby 1st street shops and outdoor vendors were all a feast for the eyes.  So much great looking produce and seafood!  Tried some peaches and apples - delicious!  At 3 girls bakery I got a brownie which was good, & service with a smile.  Many merchandise shops too.  We wished we had a kitchen to cook some seafood because it would be way better than the restaurant next door where we had lunch."
"Most people who come here never make it past that first level. People need to spend more time exploring all the little shops throughout. There's lots of cool stuff that people miss out on. The only negative here are the restrooms. Those get a bit skanky."
"Ok I know this is a tourist place but I was so insanely jealous of all the amazing food for sale!  I wish there were places like this in Boston.  Also the flowers are just so cheap!  I am sure that as a resident it's a pain to get there every week, but it would be worth it if I lived there!"
"I'm a people-watcher. Plain and simple. Wherever I go, whatever I do...I watch people. I never get bored that way. \n\nPike Place is the perfect place for such a thing. The people here are in constant change. They're never the same. Even the employees change. There's so much to look at, to do, to taste, to smell here. My son and I can come here and chill all day and not get bored. \n\nSome of my favorite places here are (in no particular order):\n~ New York Deli\n~ The Gum Wall (one place I choose to not taste the food)\n~ Beechers Cheese (the goat cheese is amazing)\n~ The Daily Dozen Donuts\n~ Any of the produce stands\n~ DeLaurenti Specialty Food and Wine (love their pizza by the slice)\n~ Sur La Table \n\nThere are so many more places here that I could mention, but you need to get out and check it out on your own...more fun that way. Spend a day here, eat some food...and watch people. I promise you'll have a great time."
"This place was THE thing i just HAD to see during my first visit to Seattle.\n\nIt might not have been as big and amazing as I had envisioned (definitely less seafood stands than I thought there would be), but as a whole, it has a lot to offer:\n\n- \"let 'em rip!\" -- the fish-tossing seafood stand is front and center underneath the larger of the two public market signs. You can't go and not see them toss fish, even if it is just for the tourist crowds that gather around.\n\n- some of the largest prawns, lobster tails, and salmon that I've ever seen!\n\n- random ethnic food stands (asian pastries, korean food, etc.)\n\n- fresh fruit that looks and tastes amazing\n\n- gorgeous flowers and bouquet arrangements\n\n- typical tourist fare for souvenir shopping\n\n- a couple restaurants for no frills good eats\n\nThey do close fairly early compared to the rest of the city, so don't miss out!"
"If you havent read yet, I f*&%ing LOVE Seattle. Pike Place is like a Farmer's Market on steroids. Fresh flowers, produce and fish! I wish I could live here. It's probably my favorite place in the world. I would love to move into Seattle and come here every morning to buy vibrantly colored tulips for my home and purchase amazing food to cook with. Vendors are in the best moods in the earlier part of the morning- and happen to be a lot more helpful, since the place usually isnt crawling with tourists just yet. There is SO much to do, I could stay here all day! Bookstores, candy stores with huge gummy bears in the window (My weakness!) Chinese baked goods...I recommend traveling here by foot- it gets a wee bit annoying when cars pile up on the streets~"
"This is a must stop, especially if it's your first time in Seattle!\n\nI love the atmosphere here! Walking in the mornings makes you feel like you're in the action! \n\n- Starbucks (the original)\n- Piroshky Piroshky\n- Beecher's Handmade Cheese\n- Pike Place Chowder\n- Le Panier Very French Bakery\n- fish market\n- food/souvenir stalls\n- the awesome ocean view!\n\nI LOVE SEATTLE!! :)"
"I really can't say enough wonderful things about Pike place market.  It was like my dream come true.  I love going to farmer markets, browsing in small little shops, and striking up conversations with local artists.  This place has it all.  I came here twice on my vacation and I wish that I would have come every single day.  It was just amazing.\n\nIf I lived here, I would purchase fresh produce every day. Everything was so cheap and the displays were beautiful.  I purchased art from a few artists with unique style, some figs from a fruit stand, and trinkets from a small antique shop.  The bookstore downstairs had a lot of old and interesting books and the man working there was so energetic and passionate about his job and old books.\n\nYes, it's crowded, but the energy here makes it all the better. Be sure to turn all the corners and visit all the floors so you don't miss a thing!"
"Pike Place is the shizz.\nIt's like Disney Land ... way too much to see and do in a single day.\nBushels of fun await you around every corner."
"if i lived in seattle.. i would be here quite often because i absolutely love food.. sure it's touristy as hell.. but from what i gather.. it seems like a lot of locals shop here too.. don't forget to get a picture with rachel the pig"
"Overrated...went a couple times when I first moved to Washington...Not worth the drive or the insane amount of people you have to push through if it happens to be a nice day out. Many of the stores seem to be way overpriced, would just assume buy the same stuff elsewhere"
"CROWWWWWWDED.\n\nWell, that's what I get for coming here on Thanksgiving weekend, right!?\n\nI last came to Pike Place Market when I was 12 years old and have fond memories of getting my photo taken on the pig and watching the guys at the market throw fish towards each other. The crowds were greater this time, but I still got to relive those fantasies on my second trip to pike place.\n\nFood, trinkets, decorations... this place is like an endless buffet of options, and you can't possibly go wrong with any you pick. And if you don't want any, there's always my personal favorite - people watching."
"Whether you're a tourist or local, there's something for everyone here. Stop by to check out the pig statue, the tossed fish, or perhaps the restaurant where part of \"Sleepless in Seattle\" was filmed. Besides those, there are endless possibilities: grab a cup of coffee from the original Starbucks location, purchase fresh fruit from local farmers, try one of many little restaurants or cafes. \n\nOr you can go find the gum wall, grab a drink at one of the bars in Post Alley, and call it a night."
"Love this place! I took some photos on my last trip here.\n\nFeel free to check them out if you'd like, they're black and white photos.\nhttp://portlandpossible.…"
"Whats not to like?\n\nThere's so much to do and so much to see! Seafood, drinks, restaurants, bars, sweets, savory, sights, sounds, people, baked, boiled, broiled, steamed, fried etc. Fortunately I was only a couple of blocks away. And there's nothing like a couple of blocks of 40 degree weather to get my hunger going. \n\nDespite the weather there's still a lot of people here. And I can only imagine how many people are here after watching an episode of No Reservations. \nHell, I know I am. \n;D"
"I had a dream of getting hit by a fish here...I kind of wish I could say that I just walked through… Read more »"
"I was born and raised in Seattle. I don't live there anymore but I come up at least once a year. If you are a tourist you should see it by all means. But if you are a local, or were a local it doesn't really impress you. It's overpriced items that you can get at the local Safeway for less. I would suggest the hand blown glass items. They make them right up the street and are really nice. Don't accept the price. They will barter with you."
"I love the fresh multi-flavoured pasta shops, the freshly made jams (like strawberry-jalepeno:- Yum) with less than 5 ingredients, the Turkish delight store, the spice store, the Piroshky store, the little fresh fruit juice shop, the fragrant flowers and extremely cozy soft scarf shops. This is a must go if you are in Seattle, WA"
"I LOVE SEATTLE (minus the north face jackets and hiking shoes)!\n\nMy friend and her bf live right by Pikes Place and they took me here when I went to visit them!  We gots some mac and cheese from Beechers, sat outside and then went through the market! So fun! Flowers, fresh fish, local honey and crafts! It's also right on the H2O. \n\nI think I'm gonna move here."
"See my other reviews - a great place to visit and some pretty darn good food as well.\n\nStrongly recommend The Crumpet Shop, Piroshky Piroshky, Pike Place Chowder.\nWorth the visit if the line is acceptable:  Beechers and Daily Dozen.\nLess enthusiastic about the Original Starbucks, The Confectional."
"Famous farmer's market. Insanely awesome, and so fun, even if you are a native Seattleite. I love the atmosphere. It's always always busy, but so fun to just walk and explore and see the great environment, the flying fish, homemade pho, and gorgeous attractions like the floral sales :)\n\nI always come here & I always want to come here. Seriously, even if i don't buy anything, I LOVE LOVE LOVE coming here. \n\nI recommend their homemade hot mini donuts on the left side of the main entrance of the market. Gosh. They're like 12 donuts for $4 or less. Try all of them, but the cinnamon one is my favorite, next to the sprinkles. Mmmm.\n\nWatch the famous flying fish and their songs/chants. So fun! There's also fresh cut flowers daily, which honestly, are BEAUTIFUL and during non-holidays, they are so cheap! $5 for a big beautiful bouquet! \n\nThere's great vendors, lots of busy people, lots of yummy foods, and lots of music. try the honey sticks, or taste-test some jam and jelly... Mmm. There's fresh organic fruit, local artists/painters, and lots more. \n\nSeriously, lots more. Upstairs and downstairs there are shops from oils, to spices, to groceries, to clothes, to comics, etc. Have fun and enjoy being a tourist even if you live in Seattle!"
"I love the Pike Place Market, There are so many things to explore, eat, drink and Buy. From the strange gum wall to the hauntend market ghost tours this place has it all. I love getting fresh seafood and flowers on weekend, to the duct tape wallet i just bought."
"I am a tourist in Seattle... of course I have to do all those touristy thing. \n\nIf you love to eat, love to browse, love to walk around, you definitely should come to Pike Place Market.\n\nPike Place Market reminds me of St Lawrence Market in Toronto, but this is way way bigger. The atmosphere here are more laid back. A lot of locals comes here for lunch or shopping too.... so it is not really just a tourist trap!\n\nWalk around... get lost... if you see something you want to buy or eat, do it now!! It is really hard to backtrack if you do change your mind.\n\nEnjoy and chill!"
"I really love this place. It may be a city landmark, but I don't think it's a tourist trap. There are so many vendors with fresh produce, fish, clothes, honey, trinklets... it's just an awesome place. If you are a foodie, it's worth coming here and trying the different locally grown goodies here."
"This place is one of my faves in Seattle.  Don't go on a weekend!! It's MADNESS!! There are just way too many tourists and they're all up in your business!!\n\nI like the variety of hidden restaurants and shops all over this place.  From the gourmet cheeses to the gourmet restaurants, it's all in all a great place to buy things to take home.\n\nI do wish there were more fresh produce stands and some of them really jack up their price as compared to where they sell other places.  \n\nA Must do when traveling to Seattle!"
"I love this place! So great to go pick out ingredients for a fresh dinner.  and you cant beat the fresh flowers for so inexpensive prices!"
"Parking is not good... \nIt's a pretty cool place to go. You want to spend a few hours there to take it all in. 2 hours isn't really enough."
"No one really talked about the gum wall here- so I will mention it. It's in a little alley way to the left side of the market, and it's basically walls with tons of gum stuck to it. I was pretty grossed out but hey, it's really interesting too.\n\nWalk the stripe and go to the first ever Starbucks. There are tons of street food and lots to choose from. Bring CASH, not a lot of the businesses accept cards. Make sure you also visit the lower level of pike place. Often time people will miss it!"
"Quintessential Seattle. I love everything about the market! The fresh flowers, fish and produce. Whether you are just visiting or actually shopping here, there is so much to see and take it. WATCH OUT FOR FLYING FISH! \n\nMy favorite place to stop is the little donut stand by all the magazine racks. They are devilishly good!"
"My first impression was, \"A beautiful view, a mixture of locals and tourists, a lively place, with unlimited food, with endless vendors, and everything fresh. The smells, the sounds, the sights, let's soak it all in!\"\n\nThe Pike Place market is a great place to start and end your trip if you are in Seattle. Go grab a coffee at the first ever, original location of Starbucks, and take a stroll around (recall, the Pike Place brew). Everything from the fresh caught fish, to jewelry, fresh flowers, and pottery of all kinds are sold here. Oil tastings, spices, and an abundant amount of fresh cheeses, dips, and chocolates. I think I have just found my heaven. I am a sucker for farmer's markets, but on top of that, it happens to be right next to the Pike, and right next to the main streets of Seattle. Enjoy the day and walk around, do a little shopping around the city's busy streets and stop by for a European sandwich at a local side vendor. Then during the evening enjoy a lovely dinner on a rooftop with a view of the sunset and take a peek through all the bars and vibrant late night spots.\n\nThe lasting impression? \"Changing scenery from day to night, its sleepless in Seattle.\""
"I love coming down to Pike Place Market - the hustle and bustle of people walking around - it's so lively (albeit, mostly tourists). As a local, I still enjoy coming here - mainly for Don & Joe's Meats; occasionally Uli's Sausages; some of the local produce and seafood but beyond that I have no interests in the miscellaneous stuff the other merchants are selling.\n\nI think taking the Savor Seattle Food Tour of the market was very enlightening - I liked hearing the history behind when/how/why the market was started. It gave it much more meaning.\n\nDo bring visitors here - it's a fun place to walk around!"
"been here 6 times and i still enjoy it each time.  the beautiful dried or fresh flowers, the fresh seafoods, the fresh fruits..the place is just simply awesome.  \n\ncome early to beat the crowd.  \n\ndon't forget to try the different eating spots all over the market."
"There is something to be said for watching large fish hurled around although I can't help but wonder if what we're really witnessing is the bruising of previously wonderful filets... A spectacle nonetheless. \n\nI admit it's fun to walk the market every so often, pick up some fresh fish or delicious honey or flowers or random knick-knacks, but in the end, I prefer the market on a rainy day when most Seattlites are sitting at home moping.  On a sunny Saturday I just can't stomach the shoulder to shoulder crowding of the place, and I don't blame the tourists, but the size of the market itself.  Widen the lanes, people!   \n\nDefinitely worth the visit and something to see in the Emerald City but slightly less incredible than I feel many make it out to be - judge for yourself."
"This place needs another review, so here goes...\n\nBe sure and get your picture made with the bronze pig in front - every tourist does. And watch the flying fish (I personally think this is gross and I don't want to get hit with fish moisture or eat a fish that has been thrown around). Have some crabs sent home to extend your seafood orgy - they arrive home almost before you do.\n\nGo on the weekend and hit the flea market. Something for everyone. And buy some flowers for your hotel room (why? because you can!) Have a wondeful dinner (I had a red wine blend and crab to die for just behind the fish stand, but there are so many options for food here. Just pick whatever tickles your fancy.)\n\nThen cross the street and get a coffee at the original Starbucks. Just so you can say you did. And think about their humble origins. Then start living your own dream...."
"This is a MUST-SEE for visitors to Downtown Seattle. So much history: first original Starbucks, Pike Place Fish Market, lots of pig statues to symbolize prosperity. So many stores: local vendors who sell hats to fresh vegetables to fragrances. So much charm: first farmer's market established! \n\nDefinitely get a cup of Clam Chowder and observe the hustle and bustle of this unique landmark!\n\nTip: the fish markets deliver to all hotels around the area for FREE and ship worldwide. Also, bring cash and set a budget before you spend it all!"
"So many different cultures, crafts and delicacies represented here, how could anyone complain!"
"I'm glad we went, but in hindsight would have probably gone on Monday instead of Sunday. It was jam-packed full of tourists, which was such a stark contrast to Granville Island in Vancouver (which we visited on a Thursday). I also didn't realize that since it was a Sunday, places opened later, around 11. We had some very good almonds and jam at some stands too."
"I missed the fish throwing but it was worth the visit because I had fun looking at all the stands and took some fun pics at the gum wall."
"Food geek tourist hard-on.  There's some schlock and plenty of goodness.  Fresh fruit, fish, and fungus all in the same place.  Well, not the **same** place, but in different bins.  Prices on the fish seem comparable to other, not-as-touristy places.\n\nDon't miss the historical plaques on the lower levels...  Tons of good information covering topics all the way to some Sephardic background.  Neat stuff."
"Good food. Great atmospheric. BIG shrimp!\nFlying fish. \nNeed I saw more?"
"I've given it 4 stars coz the only thing that sucks here are the restrooms, you'll have to go around and abouts just to find one and then when you did there'll be heck of a line.\n\nPike market has the fresh veggies and fruits including fish and everything else."
"If you're visiting Seattle, you must add this to your agenda.  It's touristy but steeped in local tradition.  A great spot to soak in a little of what Seattle has to offer."
"This place rules, plain and simple.\n\nSpent a Saturday morning snacking, shopping and wandering.  So much to see and eat! \n\nThis place makes me want to move to Seattle so that I can come here and do my produce shopping!"
"A rainy Seattle day cant ruin the experience here. Take a stroll through the stalls and breathe in the raw fish, fresh meats, fresh produce, and unbelievable (yet somehow dirt cheap) flowers. Don't miss the shops on all three levels, make sure you have lots of cash in your wallet, and strike up as many conversations with the sellers as you can as they will share with you the best Seattle has to offer. Buy a Blood Orange, some chocolate pasta, and a coffee at the first Starbucks just outside. \n\nGents if you don't buy your special lady an incredible bouquet of flowers for only $10 don't be surprised if you get the cold shoulder later that night."
"Pike Place Market is a must stop if you're visiting Downtown Seattle.\n\nThe first thing I noticed when I entered the market was the beautiful flower arrangements for a GREAT price! You can pick up a gorgeous bouquet for $5,$10, or $15. If I lived in Seattle and was a male, I would definitely give these flowers to someone for the first date.\n\nThere are a couple of places to eat in the Market area, but I didn't get a chance to try any of them. You can find fresh produce, souvenirs, jewelery, art, and some lavender products at the market.\n\nWill definitely stop by here again when I visit Seattle."
"Pandemonium.\n\nPretty hectic since it's tourist grounds.  \n\nAll the food & produce just hanging out while hoards of people walk by is kinda gross, but it's a farmer's market - whaddayagonnado.  \n\nIt's fun, if you don't mind the crowd, and definitely a lot to look at while you are walking through. It's a bit overload and not necessarily a lot of items that I necessarily need or want, but I can appreciate the variety. \n\nBest time to come is first thing in the morning when you can actually walk through and enjoy it."
"Luv this place, if I lived near here, I would do ALL my food shopping here!  Everything looked so fresh and I'm sure it is, being next to the water.  You can do all your shopping in one place!"
"If there's one place in all of Seattle that could be considered the mecca of tourism, it's this market.  Locals and visitors alike, flock to this iconic landmark for the food, music, shopping, and atmosphere.\n\nWhen I visited Seattle for the first time, this was the 2nd place my host took me to visit (aside from the Space Needle).  We ate lunch at the fantastic grill inside the market with the fresh fish sandwiches and delicious clam chowder.  I think it's literally called the \"Market Grill\".  We then watched fish get tossed at the fish market in the center of Pike Place before heading outside to pop in and out of such famous restaurants as Piroshky Piroshky (Russian pastries) and Beecher's (home-made cheese and world's best mac n' cheese).\n\nNot only that, but Pike Place also happens to be the birthplace of Starbucks and you can still visit the original first location right here in the middle of the market.\n\nI only got the chance to visit Pike Place Market once during my long weekend in Seattle, but given the opportunity to visit again, I'd definitely stop by again at least a couple (or twenty) times."
"A Seattle icon. I love it. \n\nI totally dislike crowds, but I'll totally push some people out of my way for some beautiful bouquets of flowers, honey sticks and mini donuts. Wowzers. \n\nAt the very least... it's a great place to people watch. :)"
"Indoor and outdoor market with many choices of produce, fish, flowers, baked goods, quick meals, and crafts at every price range. It was fun seeing and all sorts of foods and trying all sorts of samples all in the heart of downtown Seattle. I would love to come back but good luck finding parking."
"Great for a stroll, a break, have a five star meal or a \"walking Lunch\", nibbling on samples or buying a few small bags of fresh fruit, or picking up things to take home and cook. It's exciting that in the heart of a modern city we still have this charming, functional old world market/bazaar/eatery. Love it!"
"What can I say about Pike Place Market that hasn't already been said? This is a Seattle staple and must-visit for anyone in town. However, on a recent trip to Seattle, I learned a little trick: Visit before the Market opens around 8:00-8:30 AM and you'll witness the Market coming alive! Pike Place Market is known for being lively and fun and full of excitement, but it was also really neat to see how they get the Market ready before the lively day begins. I watched the fishermen get their seafood stations ready, I watched the flower vendors put out their gorgeous displays. I watched the street musicians set up shop for the day and I had a chance to visit all the shops before the crowds made it nearly impossible to buy anything without a 15 minute wait. It was really cool to get to see the Market wake up and then visit a couple hours later and see the Market in full function."
"Good day Seattle yelpers!\n\nI love PPM!\n\nCame here last year and enjoyed my time here.\nAlthough I couldn't buy any fresh fruits or veggies because I was on vacation... I did get my hands on dry goods and flowers!\nEverything thing here is unique :)\nGreat place to bring your camera and go crazy... lots of colors and people.\nIf you're visiting Seattle or new to the city, you must visit PPM! Something for everyone!\nIf I lived in Seattle I would be here every week! Seattle peeps, you're lucky!\n\n-Miss Yelp 2011"
"Food hoarder's paradise.  Attention Deficit Disorder enabling market.  Fresh dried lavender. Beautiful $10 fresh flower bouquets.  Food samples, even chocolate pasta, or different pepper jams.  Fresh roasted honey glazed nuts.  Candy store.  Oyster shooters. I would get into the different stores on the other side of the market but those have a yelp page of their own...."
"Another must go in Seattle. Great place to hang out if you like being around fresh fruits, vegetables and a great bookstore ! I thoroughly enjoyed the hustle and bustle of the market."
"This place is awesome. Make sure this is on your list of things to do in Seattle. It was number one on mine. Fresh seafood, organic produce, beautiful flower arrangements for only $5 and best of all... the original Starbucks!!! Went on a Saturday and it wasnt too crowded. Go down the alley and theres the infamous gum wall. Somewhat disgusting and amazing at the same time. There's a news stand on the corner of Pike & First to grab a pack of gum, then leave your mark on Seattle. One of the best farmers market I've been too :)"
"The market place experience is like no other at this place. I have not seen all of it from end to end but i loved every nook and cranny of this market. So unique and colorful. Not stinky at all and very vibrant from all the welcoming sellers that has made this place a \"must go to\" stop when in Seattle."
"This is my favorite place in Seattle. I've lived in the area all my life and still come here quite often. If you're about local art and local craft, this is a place to shop. Every weekend and every day artisans and vendors from the area set up booth on the street and inside. The outdoor area is filled with vendors who come during peak hours/days and inside are the core vendors who are there all the time. Pike Place is known for its flowers. Most of them are cash only and cost $10-15. There are three levels to the market - there are super cool shops below. My favorite is a magic shop. On the other side of the street there are a myriad of stores in the buildings that are part of the market. Sometimes it's hard to tell where one store stops and the next begins. The best (and worst) time to go is when it's busy or really early on a busy day (Fri-Sun)."
"Pike Place is farmer's market meets tourist destination.  There is so much to look at between the food stands, fish stands, handmade crafts, little shops, etc.  We found plenty of interest to each of the family members, and as we strolled through Mr. M remarked to me, \"I can't believe how cheap the flowers are!  If we lived here, I'd buy you flowers all the time.\"  Heh.  Heh.  Yep...that's my guy."
"One of my favourite spots in the city. \nI love wandering this place by myself. A wonderful place to get fish/meat/produce - super fresh and a huge selection. The fruit I buy here keep 4 times as long as the stuff from the supermarket!! \nI want to eat my way through the market every time -- miniature doughnuts, gigantic cookies, french macaroons, crepes, turkish delight, gelato, mini cheesecakes, baklava, pirozhki... I'm drooling just thinking about it. \nMy otherhalf doesn't like crowds and thinks the prices are high. He also thinks the Greek shop has terrible gyros... \nBut in my humble opinion, Pike Place Market is a must do for a tourist or a local!"
"A good touristy attraction to see people and buy street food, though at slightly elevated prices."
"As someone who loves food and exploring flea markers, this was my kind of place! I loved looking at all the colorful produce and flowers they had for sale. I bought some of the largest and sweetest apples I've ever had from Pike's Place. There is also a place that sells little donuts near the newspaper stands. There was always a line and the people that own the place were super sweet and from my hometown so it made my day. \nDownstairs has a bunch of shops. They might be a little touristy but they're worth exploring. I loved the store full of Day of the Dead items. Before you leave, visit the Wall of Gum. It's odd, colorful, and fun. I dare you to lick it!"
"How did I forget to review this? Amazing pretty much covers it. Great deals on flowers"
"This place is neat and has so much to offer.  There are the fish markets, lots of fresh vegetable markets, flowers, specialty foods, a spice store to die for, lots of restaurants (although none of them send me to the moon), and lots of vendors selling whatever.  There are also a lot of small shops underneath the street level stores and they're a lot of fun and very diverse.  You can spend half a day just wandering around looking at all the stuff.\n\nYou won't be disappointed except for the parking.  You'll have to get there pretty early to be assured a parking spot.  Oh, and know that they close relatively early for a place like this.  Dang near everything closes at 6 pm.  Kinda weird for a tourist place if you ask me."
"This is a must see when in Seattle.\n\nThey have everything you could want at this market.  Not to be missed are the amazing, juicy, softball sized peaches everyone was slicing for us to taste, and the crab cocktails.  Battle the crowds and take a stroll through the market a few times while in town.  It's quite a show."
"I was told this is the go to place when in Seattle and Pikes Place was where we went.  \n We loved this place!  No doubt that it was crazy busy, but hello if you're the oldest market in the US-this will be your tourist attraction money maker!  They have so many things here, it was hard to make a decision and funny enough-was probably the one place we spent the most money at during the entire duration of our vacation.  We bought blackberry honey raw and pure, 3-4 different sausages from Uhi's for 4th of July BBQ, oil and different pastas to take back home from Pappardelle (they have lavendar, chocolate, and a lot of gluten free pastas), we took a picture of the Original Starbucks which had a huge line going out the door, so did Beechers-where you can look in the window and watch the machines making huge amounts of cheese and even try some.  We took pictures of the people ordering and throwing the fish.  LoL!  There are so many things to see and buy here, come prepared!  There were a lot of expensive items too, that we did not hit up, like jewelry or clothing items.  Not into it.  We were amazed at how cheap the flowers were! Wow, I wish they were that cheap at home.  $5/$10/$15 and $20 bouquets!  Huge and gorgeous-so many variations too!\n\nPros:  Fresh Fruits, Pasta, Sausages, Flowers, Cheeses, Samples\n           If you're visiting, it's definitely a to do \n\nCon: Parking-lots of pay park places that are woo hoo expensive! Time it right because those people are on stand by if you miss it\n        Definitely crowded, if you're not people friendly-I do not know what to say\n        Most places take cash, everywhere we went took card"
"Obviously you will visit Pike's Place if you travel to Seattle.  Obviously.  So that's what I did.  I had no idea what to expect, other than fish of course... I was certainly impressed.  Since I was traveling, I didn't plan on buying any fish... but you can actually have it shipped anywhere overnight.  You can enjoy one of the many delicious seafood restaurants.  The crumpet shop was my fav coffee stop.  \n\nBut let me tell you about the flower arrangements... THESE THINGS WERE INCREDIBLE.  So much so, that I ended up shipping a few.  Words can't even describe how beautiful these were.  They alone were worth a trip to Seattle!  I will be back soon for the flower arrangements!\n\nLocal performers are always out and about.  On my last day, I was lucky enough to observe a \"saw player.\"  This art is something I had never before seen or even heard of.  This talented individual was 'playing' a saw with a bow, the way you would operate a violin.  Truly incredible."
"We took the kids on a busy Wednesday, watched the flying fish, bought corndogs and Korean food for lunch, then went stall to stall buying snacks and dinner for the evening. After, we went to the downstairs shop and spent some time in the magic store. The kids loved all the musicians playing for tips. We ended up making baked salmon, roman beans, and bruchetta. We also bought a couple dozen fresh mini-donuts. Very yummy.  Only downside - it's so crowded!"
"Love love love this market!! Smoked salmon samples, hot donuts, fresh cut flowers, and oh so much more! A must see :-)"
"Am I going to be another nuisance and pen out a review for something that is a fixture to my hometown? Yes.\n\nIs Pike Place worthy of such a review? Yes and No-just get your ass out there.\n\nThe minute the plane landed at Sea-Tac, I text my driver that I was ready to go and Pike Place was numero uno on the list of places to go. I have been away from Seattle for 2 years....2 years without this market feels like a lifetime.\n\nThe sights, the smells, the fish...the flowers...the doughnuts....the art. There is so much to take in, you'll go cross-eyed, but it is worth it right down to your bones.\n\nDespite being a major tourist attraction, Pike Place is the best place to get fresh fish if you live in the city, has the most amazing produce that is well priced-and well cared for. The shops are endless and you feel almost as if you don't see everything--even if that everything included a cow's tongue. (Ask a butcher--they're there.)\n\nFor this recent trip-that was much shorter than I would have liked--I was in need of flowers. There is no place on the west coast that a person can get the quality of flowers for the price than at the market. Period.\n\nDon't even argue, or you'll get slapped in the face. Hands down, the best variety, quality...oh I hate Homeland Security otherwise I would have flown home with a bouquet.\n\nRight at the entrance, there are several vendors with amazing bundles-all under $20. I ended up picking up a freshly cut dozen of Dhalias and the guy behind even threw in a couple of extra stems. Loved that little bit of fabulous customer service!\n\nWhat is an essential piece of Seattle, is a must stop if and when in the area. Such a treat to have been able to make the rounds to the market, forget the crowds, forget everything else. It's an experience that is worth it."
"We go to the Pike Place Market at least once a month, and if we can we go several times per month. Pike Place Market is a must visit when you are in Seattle. The first place we visited when we moved here, the Sunday after the Thursday we moved in, was Pike Place Market.\n\nThere is so much to see, and buy, there. We frequent Uli's sausage, buy fruit from so many of the vendors, get baked items from the Russian bakery, get tortillas and other items from the Mexican food store, get fancy spices from the spice shop, get Thai food, corndogs, see the fishmongers throw fish, enjoy the fresh flowers, and so much more! There's also the nice restaurants, such as The Pink Door to eat at. The tin man seems to be a regular attraction. And the first Starbucks is located there. (If you choose to visit, be prepared for a crowd!)"
"This is place is pretty neat but not sure if it's worth more than a 30 minute walk through. I used to think from watching on TV that every seafood stall had fish throwing but it's only one place that does it. Everything on the main (top) level is pretty cool. Lots of fresh seafood restaurants and fresh produce and flower stands. Everything on the levels below are shops that cater to tourists. Some of them have cool stuff but most of them are cheesy. You could probably walk the entire market in 30 minutes and see everything you need to see. \n\nThis place is actually not that close to the waterfront. There's plenty of paid parking lots in the area but it can get pretty hectic traffic-wise. It's close to the Gum Wall and the first Starbucks."
"A Must Visit in my book for Seattle.  The people, the vibe, and all their offerings are pretty darn charming.\n\nThey say it's always raining in Seattle... but that's okay.  Go to Pike Place... pick up a gorgeously vibrant bouquet of flowers for $5 and brighten up your day!"
"This place is amazing!  It's the best market like this that I've ever been to.  So much produce, fish, flowers, meats, etc.  It was so much fun to walk around and explore.  There is a lot of competition here, so the prices are very good.  There are a lot of musicians scattered about, some of which are REALLY good (we did get a few CDs while we were there).  I wish we had spent more time here.  Leave yourself several hours to walk around and really get a good feel for it.  It's worth it!!"
"Obviously you have to check out the market when you're here, but here is my rec for the best day ever:\n\nWander thru and hit the nearest seafood counter. Instead of spending $20 on a crab omelette w/small hunks of meat hidden in eggs, buy the $10 container from the fishmongers, ask for extra spicy cocktail sauce and take it to go. Then walk over to beecher's cheese across the street and pick up some spreadable cheese & their beecher's signature. Head up the street to le panier and take one baguette to go. \n\nGather all your goodies, get on the 2 hr ferry tour that goes thru the sound & the locks and feast on the best lunch ever while picking up various tidbits about the city amongst incredible views.\n\nJust do it."
"I can't say enough good things. Seriously, this is a wonderful, amazing, inspiring place! The vendors are (almost) all really nice and friendly. There was only one who was rude in my opinion but I was so in love with this place, I didn't care. The cheese and fruit and fish and flowers and veggies are abundant and mouthwatering. It reminds me so much of Paris. I love Paris. This place is as close to Paris in the US as I've ever seen. I love it so much, that I think when I leave Las Vegas, this will be my next stop. Beechers cheese is a great place to try some cheese and watch it being made. DiLaurentii is a FABULOUS place to get some deliciously fantastic italian treats. I loved every second and every breath I had here. I could spend all day every day and never ever get bored. This truly is an amazing place to spend some time."
"Everything you need and don't can be found here!  Seriously....  It's a really cool place to just wander during the day and explore all the nooks and crannies that have hidden gems.  It's a Seattle icon that locals still love to visit (at least those who have easy access and don't have to park) and enjoy throughout the year.  \n\nI have the great pleasure of working in Belltown and I love to walk here for lunch when the weather cooperates ( i.e. doesn't rain too hard).  Even on the weekends when I have to drive, I'll come over for fresh bread & pastries, Beecher's mac n' cheese, flowers, fish & seafood, and fruits!  The first Starbucks is always a hit with tourists, and their reserve roast only sold here is apparently delicious (i don't drink coffee so I don't know, but that's what i've been told)!  Overall a fun place with a nice view of the water to enjoy while visiting or living in the lovely Seattle area!"
"The Pike Place Market was near the top of locations to visit while in the area, and it did not disappoint.  The market was full of fresh seafood, local stores, restaurants, and a mix of what appeared to actually be more locals than tourists.  \n\nThough somewhat touristy, you'll quickly be amazed at all the sights to behold within the market. This place is a must-see."
"Fun place to see the guys fling fish and look around for some local art, fresh fruit and veggies and flowers."
"I seriously dislike tourist places.  I mean, I go to them \"I will try once\" kind of deal.  \n\nPike Place Market is different, it gives out different sort of energy. I went there numerous times and I always looking for ways to get back here!\n\nI went there around 7ish a.m. once, just to see \"the before\" actions!  No, tourists yet, just workers setting up!  I didn't like it, I felt a little off, kinda lonesome, I guess! hahahaha"
"I love this place! Been through the market many times and it's awesome every time! Definitely lots of tourists going around, even during the week (especially now during the summer) but still a wonderful place to hit up! Everything from fish to beautiful (and cheap) flowers, you'll be able to find it at Pike Place! *That sounded too much like a commercial, didn't it?* xD"
"I love permanent markets, not just the farmers market variety that are so prevalent in America. This place is also located in a really cool part of Seattle."
"Hmm, another tourist destination I didn't really get.  Granted, we went at like 9:30 AM so there wasn't a huge crowd or anything, but the Starbucks line had about 30 people in it so that was a disappointment.  Couldn't find any fish throwing either, although the fish smell was overpowering.  It was about 7 bucks to park in a lot downtown for a half hour so we came, we saw, and we left.  I'll pass on Pike Place next time."
"Even if you have no specific reason to come here, if the sun is out and the weather is nice, make sure you find yourself at Pike Place Market. \n\nI love Pike Place Market. As a Washington native this place just never gets old or loses it's luster. Working downtown has some definite perks like today when the sun is out and I am need of some out of office time, I can simply walk to the market and enjoy its greatness along with several other hundreds of people and tourists who had the same idea.\n\nI walked along the cobblestone road at the market and passed a number of people who were carrying large, gorgeous, colorful bouquets of flowers for $5-10. I then inhaled the scents of French Bread baking from La Panier and the delicious cookie varieties from Three Girls Bakery. The original Starbucks had a line going out the door which is to be expected and makes me smile when I stop and realize the coffee craze really started HERE! \n\nI stopped off at La Buona Tavola where I sampled several different truffle oils and continued on to Sotto Voce where I tried a spicy garlic olive oil. Mr. D's Greek Delicacies was hard to turn down as I watched the lineup be served a variety of gyros and the spanakopita looked tasty. Everything was indulgent. \n\nThe crowd was plentiful and the local musicians and other entertainers were successful in pleasing the people here today. Of course the audience near the fish throwers is always such a fun activity to watch. The stalls of fresh produce almost made me regret my dinner plans with friends tonight as cooking a meal full of fresh veggies was extremely enticing. Tempted by the Daily Dozen Doughnut Company (though I remained strong), I ended my walk at the magazine stand on the corner and relished at the fact this is one beautiful market. \n\nWe are so damn lucky. \n\nThis market is one of Seattle's finest and most cherished landmarks and wandering through this place on a nice summer day just makes me stupidly happy. \n\nI love it here!"
"If I could come to this market everyday I would and if I could bring it with me to California I would. I LOVE THIS MARKET, I don't know what else to say, it's amazing I love. Everyday the entire market gets cleaned and out away and starts again the next day. So clean and the produce is AMAZING. So fresh and so delicious."
"Very touristy and bring a NY''er I was all for it, on a rainy day (when is it not raining right? lol) I went there with friends, alot to see, didn't buy much because I was avoiding the price gouging of the crafts and souveniers, however, Piroshky was awesome and the tossing of the fish is really a must see, it's just like in the movies. \n\nYou haven't visited the Pacific Northwest without seeing Pikes Market."
"Fun but really really crowded. We hurried through it, not really stopping anywhere, because there were so many people there. The juice place out on the street was kind of a rip off. But there was a little bluegrass band playing in front of the old Starbucks. That was fun."
"Pike Place market--otherwise known as \"The Soul of Seattle\"-- provides food, sights, smells and songs for just about any kind of person!  This Seattle landmark is not one to miss whether you're visiting, hosting guests, on staycation, or in need of some fun!\n\nWhat I love about the market is the diversity.  You walk down towards the always-lit-up Pike Place sign and immediately sense the different cultures that are roaming about.  When you walk along the market, there are endless food shops and specialty stores.  Whether you're in the mood for a heavy lunch, warm soup, fresh salad or whatever, the Market's got you covered.  :)  \n\nHere are just a few of my favorites: Bavarian meats, hombow, french cuisine, beecher's mac 'n cheese, crumpets, infused olive oils, chowder, fresh nuts, smoked salmon, hot dogs, donuts and piroshky!  \n\nWhen you enter the market, you can buy $5-15 flower bouquets that are gorgeous; the best and freshest seafood; the most colorful and organic produce; and you can even get samples! Tip: take cash with you.  \n\nThere is so much to see and eat at the market and it never ends!  I love it!"
"My favorite place. In the world. If I could, I would come here every single day. There's a stand/booth for EVERYTHING. Everything you would ever need is here. Souvenirs, food, clothes, ethnic stuff, exotic stuff, weird stuff, awesome stuff, seafood, bakeries, dessert, soup, beef jerky, fruit, leather accessories, cheap plastic made-in-china toys...everything!! It's amazing."
"I enjoyed walking around and seeing the unbelievable flower arrangements, fruits and veggies, arts, and of course, the flying fish.\n\nLove the energy!"
"YAY TOURISM!\n\nThis place is pretty fun. You get to look through stalls of people's wares, and some of it's absolute crap but others are cool. Same as anywhere in that aspect. There were a few live musicians, LOTS of people walking around looking through it all, shop owners who looked seriously unhappy or bored and others who looked a bit more lively...\n\nI'm disappointed I missed the fish throwing because I've heard of that a few times, just never seen it. And since I was only in Seattle for about a week, it made no sense to visit this place a few times just to see men toss dead fish at each other.\n\nThe best part: there's a dairy shop that sells a ton of cow stuff. Cow mug complete with udders, all sorts of cow kitchen stuff, cow rainboots for kids. There's also lights in there that are cows, but those aren't for sale. My boyfriend loves cows, so that was an awesome place to find gifts for him."
"You really need a WHOLE DAY here. There are so many places to check out and places to eat. I wish I could have stayed longer, so maybe another trip is in my future.\n\nIf you LOVE seafood, you'll be in heaven. Everything is so fresh. And for being a market with a lot of fresh seafood, you would think you would get those wafts of fishy smell, but you didn't. There's a walkway with fresh flowers and it was so beautiful, even being that it was a cloudy day.\n\nParking is hard. I didn't realize how many hills Seattle has, so be careful at the lights and trying to park. You can park on the street if you can find parking, but they do have parking structures which face the waterfront. It's pretty inexpensive. For about 4hrs we paid $6.\n\nAnd don't forget to visit Rachel, The Pig in front of Pike Place Fish Market. And don't forget to drop some change or a couple bucks in her. It's for charity =]"
"Nice place to stop by and look around. I remember one of the coffee stands here serves a New York drink called Egg cream. I love this one pasta stand that sells many different flavored pastas."
"Spent most of my weekend visiting friends in Olympia, so when we decided to jaunt up to Seattle, I knew we had to hit Pike Place Market.  Having not been in about 20 years, I was excited to go back.  \n\nWhat a great way to spend the afternoon!  I wish we hadnt had such a big breakfast, as there were many bites here and there I wanted to try, but just couldnt fit them all in my stomach.  \n\nBut basically there is just about everything here.  Produce, clothes, bags, hats, jewelry, art, FISH, Starbucks, beer, restaurants, flowers, tzotchkes of all sizes and sorts.... you get the picture.\n\nI definitely think we could have spent an entire day down at the market and its surroundings. Plus, the people watching is OUTSTANDING!\n\nAll in all its a lot of fun and a must-see for Seattle."
"Most beautiful assortment and arrangement of flowers I've seen. Beats the LA flowermart.. People pack the stalls so be prepared to move slow and enjoy the scene. Food was ok. a bit touristy of course. but nice to see."
"There are two iconic landmarks in Seattle. The Space Needle, and Pike Place Market. When you think of Seattle, you think of these two places. This is Seattle.\n\nThe smells, the people, the views make Pike Place what it is. So many different things to see, smell and eat. The flowers are amazing as well as the fresh fruit and vegetables. You want fresh fish? Pike Place Market has it straight out of the lakes and ocean. What else can you say about this place? Simply iconic.\n\nOne of my favorite things about Pike Place is the gum wall down the post alley! I of course put my gum on the wall (which is currently my primary photo.) I have never seen anything like that in my life, and it meant a lot that I got to put my gum on a part of history. I hope its still there! \n\nThere is also so many homemade crafts and art objects at the Market that you will never get bored looking at everything. Don't forget to go down to the deck and check out the beautiful water of Puget Sound! \n\nI love Pike Place Market."
"Although many people think of this when they think of Seattle, it seems like a tourist trap. They do have some good fish selections, but they are expensive even for Seattle. I would recommend going if you're in the city, but I'm sure there are better places that you can eat and shop at."
"I wish there was a way to announce I AM NOT A TOURIST when I wander around here, but alas, I am forced to meander around with the hustle and bustle of sightseers. It doesn't help that I love photography and even look like a tourist. I don't mind though, because, even after 5 years of living close to this market, the love affair hasn't ended. I've figured out which days and what times of day  to avoid, so that helps.\n\nFave places and what I buy there:\n-World Spice for spices (Urfa Biber, Aleppo Pepper, Garam Masala)\n-DeLaurenti for cheese (Brillat-Savarin), wine, chocolate, and Lebanese garlic sauce\n-Pike place fish (the throwing guys) for people watching and avocado oil\n-Jack's Fish Spot for fish\n-Piroshky Piroshky for Russian pastries (apple cinnamon or cardamom)\n-Le Panier for authentic French desserts (pain au chocolat, croissant)\n-Spanish Table for more wine and cheese\n-The gum wall when friends are in town\n\nEnjoy!"
"Like Venice Beach Boardwalk but cleaner, fresher and quality stuff. I really enjoyed walking around this place and bought a few items.\n\nDefinitely worth a visit if you're not from the Seattle area."
"Love this place, as I'm sure everyone who visits or lives here does. Fresh seafood, yes you see them throwing around the fish when you order, fresh tulips galore everywhere (at least in April when I went), and lots of local specialities. Samples everywhere, imagine a Costco but with actual fresh products from honey to jams to fruits, but without the haggling of buying it. Downstairs and towards the ends, you will find local artists selling their goods as well. Such a great place to spend the day!"
"I've never purchased anything from here but it's a great place to just check out. Esp, if you're not from the area or just visiting every so often.\n\nLots of different things are sold here!"
"There are blocks and blocks of small independently owned shops on multiple floors of this place. Whether you want some cute little trinket, a cool t-shirt, some fresh fish, fast food, a sit down meal, cool art, or just about anything else you can think of, this is a good place to find it. Yes it is."
"It's not a Seattle visit without stopping by Pike Place!  Best bouquets you can buy for cheap..perhaps the best in the country, who knows.  The smoked salmon is also good and let's not forget some of the best eats around town is right in this area.  Don't forget to visit the gum wall!"
"The one super touristy thing I wanted to do and it delivered as a good tourist spot.  Perhaps that makes the locals annoyed?\n\nIt was pretty calm on a Monday morn.  We could navigate the halls and not worry about being pushed about.  Walked by the original Starbucks without much notice except for the long line.  I was surprised to see the stalls full more with tourist junk than with food.  Once you start getting to the heart of the market, that is where the good stuff is.  Being that I was a tourist, I knew I couldn't purchase much, but I was delighted by the smells, sounds, and sights of this place.  I didn't see a show at the fish market, but I couldn't help but wonder if those dudes in the orange overalls were like rock stars and if they had groupies.  They certainly seemed like rock stars.\n\nI am happy I came here.  The view alone is worth the trip, but indulging in the food is also a good time.  Bring your appetite."
"The scenery! The activity! The Eats! All fantastic and it doesn't get old. I was there on a sunny Saturday when I you would think it would be the height of nutty tourists (me!).\n\nThis is definitely a must stop if you are a visitor. The environment was colorful and friendly. I love their traditional activities (fish throwing) and offerings (fresh fruit).\n\nDon't feel like you have to do it all at once. Go back the next day if you have the time. Oh, and go hungry because there are so many great options for snacking, meals and coffee."
"Seattle was my first trip to the West Coast and boy did I fall in love!\n\nGranted Pike Place Market was the first place I visited after dropping off my luggage at the hotel so you might say I'm a little biased, but I could not get enough. Besides the fresh fruits and veggies that the grocers gladly offer to everyone who passes by, the abundance of handmade goods at fairly reasonably prices definitely made my trip unforgettable. And of course you can't forget the famous Flying Fish show - it wasn't as entertaining as I've pictured it though (mainly because they don't do it that often anymore so I had to hang around for quite sometime to catch the live act).\n\nThings to see at Pike Place Market:\n1) First ever Starbucks right across the cobble stone street\n2) Souvenirs made from lava ash of Mt. Rainier\n3) Sandra's Satchels - made man bags\n4) Flying Fish show\n5) Fridge Magnets hand painted by a local artist (sounds lame but they are really amazing)"
"You'll find everything you could ever need at this market: fresh fish&seafood, fresh veggies, fresh fruits, chocolates, random groceries, pastries... basically, you name it, you'll find it there. \n\nPike Place Market is a tourist destination unto its own so definitely set aside a good part of the day to peruse the market, eat, and all that fun stuff. \n\nThere are tons of ppl who go here, tourists and locals alike, so get here early to get your first pick of anything and everything!"
"Pike Place Market is an absolute must see for a first time Seattle visitor, and to be honest I stroll through every time just to see what's there. There's the famous fish market, where attractive people throw fish and yell, the first ever Starbucks, Pike Place Brewery, and a whole bunch in between.\n\nIt's really a lovely place to stroll through all year round. In the summer there is more outdoors but the inside stays packed all year round. \n\nI love it."
"It's my second time visiting Seattle and I knew this was the place I wanted to spend my morning/afternoon.  Only because I love to see all the fruits stands, fish market, and people watch. Yes, it's a tourist area, so the prices are a bit steep (spent $5 on a 1.5lb of grapes - they were delicious). There's lines everywhere, people pushing people to get around - hold on to your kids, so you don't lose them in the crowd. The weekend we were here, Occupy Seattle was doing their protest a few blocks up, so it was even more crowded.  \n\nI LOVE LOVE the flowers (the dahlias are in season and I fell in love with them last time I came here) - the BF said I could have a bunch, so he spent $5 on a bouquet (they lasted the way home to Houston, TX & they're on the breakfast table, probably have a couple days left in them) - (10.27.11 update: Flowers lasted a week)\n\nI finally got to see the flying fish at the Pike Place Fish Market - last time I didn't get to see them throw the fish because I was busy looking at something else. \n\nI have a love for food markets and every time I visit one, I always wish we have one at home that I can go to every weekend. Even if you don't like crowded areas or tourist spots, this is one place you have to see.  There's a lot of stuff to see - food, art, music, people watching, etc. If you think the prices are too much, don't buy anything - just see the market it's free.\n\nThis place always makes me feel like a giddy school girl."
"Its like an indoor/outdoor market really cool place for  tourists! I enjoy my first weekend in Seattle here it was really fun and give me something to do.  Bought some flowers at the flower market and if you go down to the theater passage beneath the market you will hit the GUM WALL! LOL first time ever seeing something like that so i decided to initiate my existence by sticking my gum on the wall also!"
"Welcome to the premier tourist spot in Seattle!\n\nTake an afternoon to stroll around Pike's Place Market and explore everything it has to offer. If you're a tourist and looking to take in the sights, check out the 2 Pike's Place signs for some great opportunities, try to avoid the fish being thrown around everywhere, and check out all of the merchants' shops along the way. You'll find amazingly large and fresh seafood, fruits and veggies, and unique things like obsidian knives and modern art. \n\nI will advise you that parking is tough and expensive around here. If you are looking to park within a few blocks, be prepared to pay around $10. Try to take public transportation (bus, taxi, water taxi, etc) if you can.\n\nAnd last but not least, EAT! Crumpet shop and Beecher are my fav's (check my other reviews!), so many places to try, so little time..."
"This place has flowers every where. It felt like spring at an arboretum and little shops to pick up something to eat. I did think the area was pricey however, it is a one stop shop for grocercies and a meal so you can beat that."
"Each time we visited Seattle, we always make a point to visit Pike Place"
"A must see in Seattle! It's been around for more than 100 years, but the people and the vendors are the ones that make it so unique! You can find cheap flowers, excellent local handmade goods, fresh seafood and fish, produce, and even pottery!\n\nIt's crowded, but that's part of the experience. On the South end, you can see the world famous flying fish and the gum wall. \n\n-- \nPHOTOS:\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_…\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_…\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_…\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_…\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_…"
"Sooooooo much cool shit to buy & hear & see!\n\nSITREP\n\nI hit this place with the maternal-unit.  She likes the flowers.  I like the indie-gals that smell of jasmine.  And we both tend to get our hands on these things!\n\nSET-UP\n\nThis is the kind of place that Cosmo Kramer from Seinfeld would have conjured up in his mind:  \"Levels upon levels upon levels....\"  You practically blow your entire wad of time traipsing from Fish markets, through the flower stalls, grabbing a coffee from the FIRST & ORIGINAL Starbucks, chilling in the park with the Northwest Indian Totems, before you even realize that there were multiple subterranean levels of stores you missed, and so you have to go back the following day (which I did) so I could capture them too!\n\nMUSIC PERFORMANCE!\n\nI love Pike's as an OUTDOOR VENUE for Street Musicians of all calibers & types!  I'll be honest - many are not my particular cup of tea.  But there are so many musicians whom I love to see perform here on instruments ranging from the more \"traditional\" street musician with acoustic guitar, keyboards and vocalists, to the more \"non-traditional\" street musician (if this is even relevant to point out these days) with Accordian, Zither or other exotic instrumentation.  \n\nFrom Classical Chopin to Classic Rocker, from Indian to Peruvian, you are treated to all sorts of beautiful music at the market.\n\nART & FOOD\n\nYou can find so many great eateries and restaurants hidden away inside the byways and walkways of this Market.  They are all amazing merchants, including some of my favorites that I've become intimately familiar with over the last 10 years like:\n\n*Black Creek Botanicals\n*C. Vaughan & Sons\n*Can Can  (ooh la la!)\n*Cinnamon Works\n*Confectional Cheesecakes  (MMMm!)\n*Crepe de France\n*Don & Joe's Meats\n*Ed Newbold Wildlife Artist\n*Golden Age Collectables\n*Hands of the World\n*Hardwood Specialties\n*Heavens to Betsie\n*Johnson Berry Farm\n*Magaña Farm\n*Maika's Garden\n*Marakesh Leather\n*Market Coins\n*Martin Family Orchards\n*Pan Africa Cafe\n*Pipitone Farms\n*Piroshky Piroshky\n*Sergio's Barbershop\n*Stewart's Meats\n*Sunshine Jewelry\n*The Great Wind-Up\n*The Souk\n*Unexpected Productions at the Market Theater\nand more! \n\nFLEA MARKET WARES!\n\nIf you are lucky enough to hit the market on the weekend, you MAY see some awesome flea markets here as well!  \n\nFunny story:  I had the misfortune of leaving my favorite swiss army pocket knife in my briefcase when I went through the Sacramento airport TSA.  So they confiscated it.  It was too late to retrieve my suitcase and put the army knife in it (which would have been fine - I SHOULD have done that before I checked in my luggage.  DUH.  HARSH LESSON LEARNED!).\n\nSo here I am at Pike's Place Market on a Sat and there is the cool flea market going on.  I visit one vendor, and LO & BEHOLD!  What does he have?  Lots and Lots of Pocket knives and Army knives that have been confiscated from the TSA at SeaTac!  Apparently, he gets a good deal buying them in LOTS from the TSA.  Bastard & Bastards, Inc. I call them!  But anyways, for a mere $5 I was able to get the same model Swiss Army knive that was confiscated from me by the TSA in Sacramento.  (Yes, I DID put that one IN my suitcase before hitting SeaTac security on my return trip!)\n\nSooo......\n\nLOWDOWN\n\nFor some good times, good shopping, and loads of fun, definitely make this a stop on your visit to Seattle.  In fact, I hit it every time I am there with the mom-ster.  ;^D"
"You NEED to check this place out!\n\nSeriously.\n\nVery cool, hip, laid back, fun for everyone in the family.\n\nBe sure to check out the flying fish! ;)"
"This is a must when visiting Seattle.  Just a fun experience.   We purchased fruit for our trip while here.  They were awesome in helping us pick out fruit that was ready that day to eat and some that has a few days so that it was much fresher when we were ready.   You have to check out the flying fish while there as well as a hand full of other neat tourist stops throughout the market including a restaurant where a scene from sleepless in Seattle was shot and of course the original Starbucks."
"The flying fish is a rarity.  I basically saw them when camera crews were around.  The flowers look amazing but when I brought them home and to work they died the next day.  The food is mainly the same as the amazing freshly stocked grocery stores.  The local crafts are nice but not unique.  The stand out at the market was a homemade jelly stand.  Fantastic!  I loved the raspberry jalapeno jam.\n\nI agree that there are much better markets such as Union Square in NYC, and La Grande Epicerie de Paris are a few standouts."
"OBLIGATORY SEATTLE POST.\nI'll keep this brief, you'll enjoy it more....\n\n-Don't forget to bring cash\n\n-Seasonal bushels of flowers are offered year round. $5, $10+ bouquets. Be sure to look at all the vendors first before deciding to buy.\n\n-Visit Pike Place Fish Market if you want to see the 'flying fish show.' You have to BUY a fish, if you want to see the show. They just don't throw around fish for no reason.\n\n-Pappardelle's Pasta of Pike Place Market has CHOCOLATE PASTA. They also offer samples if you're inclined to try it on the spot.\n\n-The first Starbucks is a little overrated. It's like any other Starbucks in the entire world, except instead of the color 'green,' everythings 'brown.' \n\n-Pike Place Chowder is worth the wait, even if you're getting the 'original' chowder. I would suggest getting it in the sourdough bread bowl. Noms.\n\n-Daily Dozen Doughnut Company is worth the wait. The smell of the place usually lures people in pretty well.\n\n-Piroshky Piroshky is worth the wait. Anything there will make you drool. Be sure to carry around a napkin when you walk by the place. \n\n-You have to visit the floors 'DOWN UNDER' for some fun antiques and novelties\n\n-Gum Wall is located in Post Alley on the south side\n\n-Post Alley Pizza has a 5-Alarm pizza that's pretty freaking awesome\n\n-Just GO there..... there's too much to mention really....."
"As a tourist form L.A. seeing this market really struck me in my core. We dont appreciate local --anything-- in L.A. \n\nThere was, fresh fish, fresh spices, fresh fruit, fresh meats and beautiful local art. It took me a while to figure out the pig statues but it was very cleaver, I tried counting them but they're everywhere. Even inside Starbucks, haha!\n\nThe colors are so vibrant for such a gloomy city my eyes couldn't get enough of them. Once I saw those tulips --WOW-- I wanted to take one of each color home. This by far was MY favorite place to visit in Seattle. I tried getting up every morning and taking a walk through here... just word of advice... the best shops open at 11AM"
"A must visit!\nHighly recommend the tours here!"
"Oh Seattle, I miss you.\n\nThis place is one of the reasons I would love to live in Seattle.\n\nPike place market is a place you HAVE to visit.\n\nThere are many different things to look at and eat. If you go, please make sure you are very, very hungry and before you eat anything make sure you make an informed decision on what else is there to eat because there are so many choices.\n\nYou can find anything from fresh and inexpensive produce to nice restaurants.\n\nI am trully inlove with Pike Place Market."
"Since it was snowed and all of Seattle seemed CLOSED, we ended up visiting Pike's Place on 3 seperate occassions. And we had different experiences each time! We saw different vendors (since some were closed on some days due to weather) and soo many unique products. I loved the hand-made trinkets and beautiful crafts! \nSo many nooks and crannies in Pike's Place, really a unique spot. Lots of good places to grab coffee (1st Starbucks!) and eat and shop!"
"Get ready to walk! Make sure to bring a camera and take some beautiful photos of this famous market.  There is such a variety of food, crafts, flowers, art, etc.  The people in the booths were super friendly and charming.  Got to see the Fliying Fish and rub Rachel the Pig's nose!  Really had a memorable time!"
"Sure, it's typically full of tourists, but I really enjoy a trip to Pike (not \"Pike's\") Place Market.  Start with the produce stands, fishmongers, flower vendors, and assorted arts and crafts on the main level, then a browse through the shops scattered through the buildings and alleyways usually makes for a fun time.\n\nApart from the historic and cultural significance, where else can you find a headshop, imported clothing and furniture, comic books, knife store, wine shop, specialty foods, souvenirs, antiques, bookstores, natural health products, wind up toys, brewery, buskers, western wear, news stand, cheese factory, hat shop, map store, and a magic store in the same place?\n\nIf you can time your visit to avoid the worst of the tourist traffic, it can be an entertaining and inexpensive way to burn an afternoon and bask in one of Seattle's most unique and authentic attractions.\n\nTourist Tip:  The gum wall and original Starbucks are must-see sites, and while the fish throwers at Pike Place Fish are entertaining, you can usually find the same kinds of fish off the same boats for a few bucks less at other fishmongers in the market - I personally prefer City Fish located right by the northernmost ramp to downstairs."
"Awesome place to wander around! The seafood looks really fresh and good!\n\nThere are some knockoff stores, of course, but overall everything is pretty interesting. There is also a pretty good jam vendor here, and hopefully I'll be able to go back and buy some.\n\nTry to check out the underground stores as well. There's a discount comic books/toys/etc. store with some awesome stuff! They have life-size cutouts of characters (like Sheldon, Harry Potter, etc.) and IDs for The Big Bang Theory cast :)"
"Seattle Landmark!!\n\nPike Market Place has a wide variety of foods, gifts, and characters! Lowell's serves an excellent breakfast with views of the harbor. The guys at the \"flying fish stand\" were very friendly and explained the reason they throw the fish. Samples of fruit, pasta, candy, are offered from many vendors.  Buy a few treats to eat through out your visit and it supports local farmers and entreprenours. Just outside the Pike Place Market is the 1st ever Starbucks and a wonderfull cheese factory that makes great curds. \nA great place to visit, wear good shoes and be patient with the business of the place, it's part of it's charm."
"i'm no stranger to markets, i'm no stranger to hyped up, destination markets (like borough market in london), and pike place is definitely a hyped up, destination market. it is busy, manic and can be slightly overwhelming with lots of people trying to push and shove past you. \n\ni'm not really the kind of person that can just meander in such circumstances as crowds tend to frustrate me, but i could appreciate the market for it's local wares and the flavours of the nw it represented. i wished that i was staying in an apartment or suite hotel so that i could have bought fresh fish, but alas, it was not to be. \n\nthe bunches of flowers have got to be the best value i have ever seen! bouquets which would quite easily have cost £50-£60 back home for $15, INSANE! again, i wish i had been staying in seattle longer so that i could have purchased some of these. if my boyfriend and i lived in seattle, there would be NO excuse for him not bringing me home some pretty petals at least every second month! my mum would be in flower buying heaven here. just lovely. \n\nthere are lots of little shops and independent cafes/delis/restaurants scattered along side the market, and you could easily entertain yourself here for half a day. i don't know if there is ever a \"quiet\" time to be there - but if there is, you should try and hit it! having seen the market, i would really recommend checking out one of the tours (savour seattle?) so that you can get a proper highlight of the market and what places to check out, as personally i found it too overwhelming to even know where to begin, and i hadn't researched specific places so probably missed out on a lot of good stuff!"
"Great out/indoor farmer's market. Their products are a bit pricey, but you're guaranteed great quality. \n\nTips:\n$5 street parking gets you 2 hours. More than enough time if you're making a quick stop.\nCheck out the first ever Starbucks. \nStroll through the indoor market. You may even catch a show of sorts. \nGet yourself some fresh fruit for later, the vendors are super cool about letting you taste their products. \nGet yourself (or your significant other) a beautiful bouquet of flowers for $5, can't beat that! \nSay hello to Rachel the Pig...and drop a few bills in her while you're at it. \nGo visit the gum wall....(directions: to the left of Rachel, under the big Market Place sign, you'll see some stairs leading down to the theater...take those, walk towards thetheater & the gum wall will be on your left). Don't forget your chewing gum & some sanitizer!\nIf you have time...take the fruit you purchased earlier and waltz over to the little grassy area for a breather :) \nBathrooms are super clean and located on both ends of the strip. \nRegardless of the day of the week, you will encounter crowds. Just go with it."
"Of course I had to go to Pike's what tourist doesn't. I got some cool stuff from vendors like Native Indian rocks, a Goddess named Durga statue, and a cool Skull for my collection.\n\nThe First Starbucks is also here, but the line was around the corner just to make a purchase, and I am sure you know from the prior reviews, I am NOT about to stand in line to spend my money girl. I have things to do.\n\nAte some dim sum, had an organic hotdog, and had a Quinoa salad. All of it was great. \n\nI can only describe Pikes as this: It is like a Heart; there are chambers, valves, arteries, and veins. So much life happening a lot of movement in all different directions and so many different ethnic backgrounds it was a wonderful experience and I hope to come back soon."
"IF you come to Seattle you have to make a stop here. Iconic market with the fish throwers and photo opportunity. If you like to browse plan for 3-4 hours as there are, I think, 4 floor in total. Lots of unique shops and individual vendors. Great food, fruits and veggies and flowers. Parking to terrible! Avoid driving to the market if you can. Be sure to pass by the original Starbucks, its across the street."
"Just go."
"Yes it's a tourist place, but as I can now call myself a Seattleite, I can with no shame say that I love this place!!!! From Rachel the pig ( ... what a shock to find out we both have the same name!) to the vendors galore! I love it all. \n\nAs soon as the weather starts perking up this place is a ZOO, but it is what it is! But the crowds are worth it for the amazing bread, sausage, pasta, fruits and veggies!\n\nDon't forget the \"famous\" places at the Market as well. Sleepless in Seattle, The Real World Seattle and others that I may be forgetting. \n\nOHHHH and the AMAZING flowers for $5+!!\n\nJust go and check it out and fall in love!!!"
"THIS PLACE HAS EVERYTHING I LOVE.\n\ncoffee + local yummy food + artsy cute things"
"One of the must visit places in Seattle. Located in Downtown Seattle and near the Cruise Terminals. Despite the day this place is always hustling and bustling. The street level has tons of seafood for purchase. On the lower arcade levels there are unique shops ranging from bookstores, vinyl disc/record stores, and collectible store. \n\nEven if you have no intent of purchasing anything, this a great place to visit as there are some things you won't find anything else. Also nearby is the First Starbucks and good bakeries like Le Panier and Pirosky. Not sure how the parking is around the area but I know there is FREE buses running in the Downtown Seattle area."
"This place is full of tourists, obviously. I try and avoid it during the summer, on a warm sunny day. Even in the Winter, when its cold and dreary this place is pretty happenin though. I sometimes feel silly as a local coming here, but I can't help it....I am in love. \n\nI will avoid it for months, but then I get withdrawls. I sometimes even love the crowds. Trying to squeeze through all the people. I love picking up flowers, and little food items that I don't really need, but love anyways. \n\nMy favorite is the food though. Pike Place market is full of delicious restaurants. It's amazing how much good food is in such a small area. And I have only been to a small portion of the places around here, but I have never once been disappointed. My favorites are Piroshky Piroshky, Le Panier very French Bakery, Beechers Cheese, Mexican Grocery, the Crepe place, and the mini doughnut place, that I can never remember it's name. Whatever your food preference is though, you won't be disappointed. Lots of Asian and Seafood abounds. I am really looking forward to trying the Sausage place, once again I can't remember the name. \n\nYou won't be disappointed, I guess just try and go early though, and not in the summer? It can get crowded, which makes it a little annoying.\n\nI am glad I do so much walking when I am at the Market though, to justify eating like an asshole."
"It's hard to say anything about Pike Place other than ... \"Wow.\"\n\nNow, of course I'd heard the toutings and huzzahing for this market - the oldest farmer's market in America at that. But still, when you get there and see it for yourself, it's just so unbelievably ... wow.\n\nSo what makes a market so amazing, you ask? Isn't it just people trying to sell you things. Well, yes, it is, but it's what they're trying to sell that blows me away. You have rows and rows and shops and shops of, well, everything! There's stores for arts, stores for toys, stores for foods, stores for posters, stores for magic, stores for beer and stores for music and books and everything else. You'll find locally made food, arts, crafts, drinks, all in a giant farmer's market hall which is so long, you can't actually see the other end when you walk it. It's just overwhelmingly awesome.\n\nSeriously, this place is huge! You keep thinking you're at the end and then there's another hallway or another tunnel or another staircase that leads you to more stairs. I almost felt like I had to drop breadcrumbs along the way or I'd never find my way back to the start.\n\nAnd then there's just neatness like the original Starbuck's is located right outside of the market ... granted it looks like every other Starbuck's in the world, but still, it's kind of neat to see ... and the famous fish throwers at the fish market who throw the fish. It's pretty much as cool as you think it would be.\n\nOf course, this is a major tourist trap and it's packed always. Anywhere you go in this giant market it's full of people. People everywhere. Turn around and you bump into someone every time people everywhere. Just a warning.\n\nStill, in no way should this stop you from checking out the market. It's just something you do in Seattle, and you should do it now."
"I've been to Seattle many times and every time I come to Seattle, Pike Place Market is always on the menu.  They have beautiful bouquet of flowers from multiple vendors for cheap! They have a ton of restaurants near by, many of which are excellent!  There is no other place better to get the best Seafood in Seattle than Pike Place market.  They have a ton of organic food vendors and the original Starbucks also resides across the street from the market.  This is a tourist area and very crowded at all hours of the day.  You're practically packed like sardines though the halls but this place is a fun place to be with a lot of music and entertainment. It is also a great place to people watch as well. I recommend visiting this place if you've never been to Seattle and try Elliot's Oyster Bar on the waterfront for the biggest variety of fresh oysters in Seattle!"
"A big ole market.\n\nSurprised by the amount of flowers being sold.  There were lots of individual artisans too. \n\nJust your typical market, though.  Nothing to write home about and if you've never been to any type of market, I guess it is pretty cool but I feel like if you've seen one, you've seen them all.\n\nWatching the fish being thrown is not exciting at all.  There are tons of people standing around watching and taking pictures and it's like \"Oh wow, it's in the air! WOW, he caught it! WOW! He's throwing it back\"\n\nWhat the hell am I supposed to do with a picture of a fish being throw into the air?"
"Why can't there be a pike place in NYC, or Toronto? WOW! $5 for a stunning bouquet of flowers and a max of $15 for a MASSIVE bouquet. I couldn't stop saying wow. The produce, dairy and meats are so beautifully displayed you absolutely need to bring a camera especially if you are visiting. \n\nI wish I was getting married in Seattle, my wedding flowers would cost under $100 bucks! Makes me realize how we get ripped off ANYWHERE else when buying flowers. What a shame."
"It was my first time to Seattle and I only had a day to spend there, for the sake of food and gift shoppings, we decided to head to pike place market!  Oh I was impressed with the varieties of shops, restaurants and gift shops there. At first, I was prepared for a tourist trap, but it's more local than i thought, although there are quite many tourists like me.  I completely fell in love with beautiful flower markets (peonies was in season when i visited), fish and fruit markets there. I was so tempted to buy dungeon crabs if i wasn't stopping elsewhere, I had raw oysters and the most amazing tuna tartars by the fish market.  the most impressing thing is the entire place was well maintained and clean.\n\nOnly if i was a local, i'll shop there every day!  you can pretty much find any food you want there!"
"It's almost like a circus. Do you want to see giant crabs? Fish flying around? Free show if you go to Pike's Place!\n\nI pushed my food around my plate just to save room for all the vendors at Pike Place Market. Fresh hot donuts caught my eye. I barely squeezed into Piroshky Piroshky and had a delicious beef and cheese that almost put me into a food coma. But i couldn't resist all the colorful and bright fruits, stands of blooming flowers, and random trinkets here and there. There was a little line for coffee at the first/original Starbucks but otherwise, the bustling shops made it a fun walk by the water. I'd come here every weekend if i lived in Seattle. It's a big farmers market basically!\n\nPicked up some tasty dried fruits. My stash consisted of pineapple, mango, apple, and even beets! \n\nTake a photo with Rachel, the pig :)"
"What's to say that hasn't already been said? I love to get Veggies,Meat,Donuts,Honey,Incense,Cheese,etc,etc.\n\nI want to get drunk enough to chew some gum off of the Gum Wall. Who's In?\n\nLowell's is a great place to drink at. Kick back on a 3rd floor window seat and stare at nothing. Their drinks are fairly priced. The Bartenders seem to have a \"Regulation Pour\" there with their drinks. Not like other places. Where one sip and you go \"2-3 of these and I'm good to go\".\n\nThe need to have a \"Tourist Free Day\". No one except those who live in Washington allowed. Really!\n\nA good place to spend half a day.\n\nThis place is Thrill KIller approved. Check It OOOUUUTTT!!!"
"Everyone know about Pike Place Market...and it lived up to it's hype.\n\nThey've got it all: nuts, art work, jewelry, tourist tshirts, fresh seafood, fresh produce, bakeries galore, a ton of dining restaurants in the market place and around the area.  \n\nIt's not as clean as you would expect and it gets pretty packed around noon time so make sure you come early, with cash, and with an empty stomach. \n\nI would try to stay around from the touristy restaurants that line the area and go try a little of everything from the local vendors."
"This is a great market and tourist stop. There are TONS of great shops, produce vendors, and eateries. It is a must see for out-of-towners. Bring cash and eat lots of samples! Don't be afraid of follow all the nooks and crannies of this market. You will find lots of hidden treasures for example, the filipino eatery in the back of the market. The only reason this doesn't make my list as #1 farmers market in Seattle is that it is geared and priced for tourist. It is easier to get shopping done at smaller farmer's markets in Seattle if you are a local. Regardless, this  is still a destination spot for tourist. It shows you the diverse influences of cultures in Seattle."
"If you don't come here when you're in Seatlle, you might need to get your brain checked. Although it's a tourist trap for sure, you get a great sense of Seattle culture--the fresh seafood, abundance of beautiful flora, great handicrafts, etc. This place is bustling during peak periods. Come early when the vendors are just setting up so you can get one on one service. There is the interior portion of Pike Place and across the street they have several individually appointed stores--that's definitely the highlight. But if you have time go downstairs and check out the other non-food vendors inside the market--this place is bigger than you think it is."
"LOVE.LOVE.LOVE!\n\nhow can i describe in words how much i love this place?!?!\nokay, so i LOVE marketplaces, but this one totally topped the list. This place was everything a marketplace should be: early morning bustle, flowers, fruits, handmade signs, FOOD, fish, people, music, brick buildings, the water, the view....ah!!! aahh!!!\n\nI started the day pretty early: got to the marketplace a little before 9am, and already, the place was busy with the hustle and bustle of tourists, shop owners, fish throwers, bands, etcetc. The chill of the morning air as I walked through the crowd to the fish market was a wonderful fantastic feeling, made me feel alive! \n\nThere is just soo much to see here, starting with the fish market (their chant, songs, and expert throwing of huge slimy fish---cute!), the fruit, the vegetables, the flowers, the art, the souvenirs, the huge clock, the first starbucks, the clam chowder, etcetc. Then, when you're done exploring the top level, there is a \"down-under\" shopping area below: theres even a used bookstore!!\n\nI loved starting my adventures in Seattle here, breathing in the life of the market, and of Seattle."
"Holy Cow 500 reviews already!  It seems like just yesterday I wrote my first one, but it wasn't, it's been one year and 10 days. I checked anal retentive much I know.\n\nI never paid much attention to my \"milestone\" reviews but decided my 500th I should and I thought and thought what could I review, it needs to be someplace I haven't reviewed yet and someplace I frequent a lot and someplace I have deep love for......than it hit me, I haven't reviewed Pike Place Market, I've done many of the stores but not the Market itself!  So I'm making my 500th review be Pike Place Market's 169th review.  But what do I add to the 168 other reviews that have already been written???  \n\nWorking just a block away I see the Market everyday and end up there a couple times a month to eat, shop, drink or just people watch.  You can find almost anything there; apples, broccoli, croissants, doughnuts, el pavo cannelloni, frozen yogurt, garlic, halibut, ice cream, jalapenos, king crab, lamb gyro, mac & cheese, nuts, oolong tea, pate, quadruple chocolate cheesecake, red sour cherry preserve, smoked salmon, thyme, umbricelli pasta, veal, white chocolate champagne truffles, x-ray glasses, yellow fin tuna and zucchini.\n\nPike Place Market a must see for any local or visitor to downtown Seattle and bring your camera you might actually see a fish fly."
"I loves me some Pike Place Market.  Even when I was a local and lived nearby, I loved me some Pike Place Market.  Now that I'm no longer a local, I still will come back and can kill half a day here.\n\nBring a backpack to lug around everything you'll buy. \n\nCome on an empty stomach.  You will eat.\n\nMake sure you visit ALL the floors, not just the top floor.  The little stalls and stores downstairs are also just as fun to wander around and shop in.\n\nJust try not to use their bathrooms if you can - they can be a bit iffy."
"Tourists who for some reason think this place exists solely for their entertainment (or exploitation)  are the reason I rarely visit here between mid June and Labor Day.\n\nAs of next week Sarah, me and the baby will be parking our keisters at The Crumpet Shop, Pike Place Chowder, Le Panier and wherever else suits our fancy for the best people watching this side of Oregon.\n\nCome by and see us before the weather turns.\n\noh, and did I mention DONUTS??"
"No matter how you chose to spend your time in Seattle you must stop by Pike Place. The sights, smells, and sounds are amazing and you will get lost in here! Please set aside at a minimum of three hours to really see everything. My friend and I tried a variety of honey's, jams, and meats that were offered. I purchased a glass perfume bottle from a gorgeous Egyptian store. We watched the famous fish toss, listened to street performers, and visited the awesomely disgusting Gum Wall. This is an amazing place with something for everyone and it has the most beautiful view of Elliot Bay just second to the Seattle Space Needle. Don't miss this place!"
"I love Seattle.  The first time I saw the cityscape coming into view coming around that last bend on the Interstate 5 from the airport, I felt the city pull at my heart.\n\nI can be alone in Seattle but never feel alone.\n\nThere are a lot of great cities in the world, but Seattle is my favorite: New York crackles with nightlife and tactile electricity; Tokyo purrs like a well-oiled machine; San Francisco is the City; Seoul bustles with activity and is spicy, colorful, and exciting; Hong Kong offers great food and industry, but is a grueling 15-hour flight from SFO; London grumbles like an older man tired of the brownstone buildings and traditions; Shanghai pulsates with the vigor and hope of youthful energy.\n\nBut Seattle, well, Seattle just hums, hums like an acolyte who's found the answer to an important zen koan.  What is the sound of one hand clapping?  I felt the answer in Seattle one light rainy day when I noticed that I was the only one using an umbrella...\n\nEach time I'm in Seattle, I walk to Pike Place Market. \n\nhttp://static.px.yelp.co…\n\nIt's something I've got to do.  I enter the market at the intersection of 1st and Pike Street, that's where the main arcade is.  Entering the market, I always stop at Pike Place Fish Market for a bit.  \n\nhttp://static.px.yelp.co…\n\nThere is actually a book published on this fish market called, _Fish_, which talks about how bringing energy and passion to work can create an effective workplace. The fish market here is a prime example of this. They do a lot of fish throwing and enthusiastic haranguing and bantering with the customers.  It's entertaining and fun.  \n\nThey sell everything under the sun at Pike Place Market: food, flowers, veggies, candies, carpet, clothing, you name it, it's probably there somewhere.  There are a bunch of restaurants scattered within the 9 acres that houses the market as well.  \n\nThere's a discount ticket kiosk near the front of the main arcade where you can get discount tickets to plays at the ACT Theater or the main jazz club there, Dmitriou's Jazz Alley.  Right around the corner on First Street, there's a bakery where you can get over 10 kinds of caramel apples. Yeah, I've got a thing for caramel apples.  \n\nPike Place Market is the soul of Seattle. Hope you can check it out in the near future and connect with the great community of Seattle, one of the world's greatest cities."
"Ok we've all heard the saying, \"Like a Fat Kid Loves Cake\" or a \"Kid in a Candy Shop\"... well how about a Nympho at a S.A. Meeting?!?  Ok that is so not nice or appropriate but I seriously loved my experience here.  The spice shop, the meat market with the Landjaegers, all the fresh fish, crab, smoked salmon, random food stalls, chocolate pasta, trinkets & treasures, fruit, vegetables, did I mention Landjaegers aka SAUSAGE my favorite.  I bought 20 to give out as \"omiyage\" or gifts for my friends and family in CA.  Love the Pike Place Market and surrounding area.\n\nP.S.  I had a photo taken of me riding the pig... that's right... check it out!"
"Here's a poetic ode to the Market -- with a small shoutout to Yelp hidden in there, if you will.  I hope you don't find it too cheesy -- plenty of that in the market, too.  Anyway, here goes:\n\nPIKE PLACE\n\nWrap-around enclaves\necho prickly crab elbows, \nSitting atop icy shard steps \nup and down angular pockets\n\nInto a grand hall of dance.\n\nTwo feet forward, \na whiff of the sea.\nTwo feet sideways,\na bite of apple.\nTwo feet back,\nA presience of tulips.\n\nWe swerve and sway\namidst colorful rows\nwandering through fields\nhogging abuzz of copper dreams.\n\nYelping deals percussively determined,\nfingertips link, eyes agaze\nIn the motion of clanging neon, \nOverseeing a new surprise.\n\nEach offers it's own \nWorld upon world\nOf busy delight.\n\nThis is much more than just a Place\nof pike, pigs, and petals.  \nIt is a magical music of swirling sense.  \n\nIt is a Place, in motion, \na place to Beguine."
"Definitely THE tourist stop in Seattle. My friends and I effortlessly spent 3 hours going through this market. We just kept on eating, walking, standing in line and eating some more. \n\nBut what I loved most about this market, was the huge display of flowers and bouquets. The flowers looked so beautiful and were so well priced I was tempted the entire day to buy a bunch. For $5, you get a beautifully arranged bouquet. However, being a tourist, I would just carry them around all day not knowing what to do with them. \n\nDefinitely a site to check out for lots of good eats!"